LORD COUNCIL MINUTES – AUGUST 27, 2006

## Attendance

Present: Auryn, Enda, Kariya, Locqui, Niniane, Sabotage, Waite, and
Xaolin

Absent: Chiles, Chocolate, Ponomariov, and Zyzzx

## Old Issues

-   **Regeneration code: resolved**

Seems like there has not been any issues regarding the regeneration code
after Pliny’s change. No Lords have been bringing up regeneration code
to attention. Races, we know, are affected by the regeneration code,
however, we discussed whether or not worship affected the regeneration
code. Chairman Waite to email to Pliny and ask about worship affect
towards the regeneration code.

Update: Pliny and Chocolate did some testing, and worship does indeed
affect regeneration at lord.

-   **Lord MudSchool: remains open**

Vivaea is working hard on the description and editing the area. Auryn is
currently working on the layout, making it more linear. Expansion of the
mud school is expected.

-   **Final Fury: resolved**

Dev’s idea on duration and exhaust for Final Fury seems reasonable to
the Council. Idea was: Pondering putting an affect on it. Once
activated, it would only last for 5 ticks (even if you didn't qualify
for it during all 5 ticks) and then exhaust. Lord Council had several
different ideas, but Dev’s idea was one we wanted to go along with.

-   **Lord Council Charter: remains open**
    -   Idea/motivator position has not yet been implemented.

Unofficial position has been assigned to Enda. Position includes
bringing up variety of issues on the lord mailer and garnering responses
from the Lord community.

-   -   Niniane is still working on the revision towards the Charter.

Difficulties include the fact that a vote to the changes has to be
unanimous. Sections and outline are to be distributed among the council
to start off with the changes.

-   **Once-Sundered ring and UD Girth: resolved**

LC feels this issue is trivial. It is to remain as is, it is the coder’s
decision on how things are developed in an area s/he creates. With that
issue being discussed, we brought up race and class specific consumable
items, where items are fit only for certain races and classes (gear size
and restriction). Discussion for consumable items open for discussion,
perhaps?

-   **Etiquette: resolved**

LC feels that Lord Community should self-govern. If issues arise, it is
recommended that specific etiquette issue are deal with as it arises,
instead of making policies and/or to prevent such issue. Any related
issues can be brought up to the LC, and LC can work out on what went
wrong and give advice as it happens. Issue was brought up on Lord
mailer. Lord community choose to be silent, therefore this issue is
considered, in short, resolved.

-   **Putting TRL/SPR/GRF back to creatable: resolved**

LC feels these races should remain as is currently.

-   **Lords to multiplay from Thorngate: resolved**

LC agreed no to that issue. No multiplay for Lords on thorngate while
another character is running hero.

-   **Legend tier and pvp issue: resolved**

LC feels that it is not within LC to debate or propose anything
regarding Legend tier.

## New Issues

-   **Planar Anchor: resolved**

LC agreed that it is reasonable with the current fix of 5 casters
setting anchor. If problems arise, LC has several other options to
propose for future.

-   **Removal of Lloydable room 2e of Thorngate: resolved**

Planar anchor ability in that certain room has since been removed, since
the implementation of planar anchor change.

-   **Put task number 3141 as priority: resolved**

Task number 3141 dealt with the ritual lag, specifically threnody and
salvation, the ability to break the lag. LC feels that it is not a
priority, however, wants a coder to see if s/he can check into that
specific task.

-   **SPR getting additional 5% mana reduction: resolved**

LC agreed that was a good fix for SPR, and considers the matter closed.

[Category:Lord Council Meeting
Minutes](Category:Lord_Council_Meeting_Minutes "wikilink")
