*Alignment is one of the primary concerns of mid-to-high-level players.
Align can be anywhere from -1000 (Satanic) to +1000 (Angelic). Align can
apply either to [characters](:Category:_Characters "wikilink") or to
[equipment](:Category:_Gear "wikilink"). For example, if an angelic
player attempts to wield an [anti-good](Anti-Good_Flag "wikilink")
[weapon](:Category:_Weapons "wikilink"), it will repel the player and
fall off immediately. Enchanting changes the alignment of an
[object](:Category:_Objects "wikilink") to favor the alignment of the
enchanter. It does not normally remove alignments that oppose the
alignment of the enchanter. A player's alignment is changed by
[killing](Kill "wikilink") [mobs](:Category:_Mobs "wikilink").
[Killing](Kill "wikilink") a good [mob](:Category:_Mobs "wikilink") will
move your alignment towards evil, whereas killing a bad one will move
your alignment towards good.*  
[Characters](:Category:_Characters "wikilink") may view their alignment
using their [score](Score "wikilink")
[command](:Category:_Commands "wikilink").

## Good

A good way to "fix" your align if you are evil is to portal to [Crazy
Kobold](Crazy_Kobold "wikilink") at [Trials Of
Zin](:Category:Trials_Of_Zin "wikilink"). This is a tower with a large
number of extremely wimpy evil level 3 mobs. A single cast of [Burning
Hands](Burning_Hands "wikilink") is enough to take them out.

## Evil

If trying to "fix" your align if you are good - there are quite a few
good aligned lowmort areas. In particular you can portal to
[Nanny](Nanny "wikilink") at [Dwarven Day
Care](:Category:Dwarven_Day_Care "wikilink") and [Nom](Nom "wikilink")
at the [Meadow](:Category:Meadow "wikilink").

[Category: Characters](Category:_Characters "wikilink")
