Heroes should only be using piercing and splinter arrows. You can fletch
splinter arrows at 101. Splinter arrows break on contact every time so
you will go through them fast. They don't necessairly break if you miss,
so make an alias to pick those up (an automated trigger to do that is
illegal per avatar rules). Piercing arrows should be used until you can
make splinter arrows, and also on mobs wearing armor.

Fletch kits can be purchased from the [Village
Bowmaster](Village_Bowmaster "wikilink") and he only sells level 51
(required for splinter). If you are low on money, you can kill
[watchmen](Watchman "wikilink") (area around bowmaster) but many of
their kits are less than 51. [Drider Hunters](Drider_Hunter "wikilink")
also have fletch kits, some even above level 51 but it can be a very
dangerous area (aggie snipers). You can also buy arrows from bowmaster:
30k gold for 500 splinters (not including haggle).

If you are soloing and taking on some hard mobs, use poisons. Make
plenty of bolts of all three and hit the mob with all of them, then
switch to piercing or splinter (or explosive if he is REALLY bad..like
ud:).

At hero 250 you can make explosive arrows. You will very quickly give up
trying to fletch them because you will fail nearly every time. Here are
some tips:

-   Use new fletch kits
-   Have a mage cast ward on your fletch kits to raise it by 1 level, or
    have a cleric cast consecrate to raise it by 2. Kits with higher
    levels tend to produce more explosive arrows.
-   Have your dex maxed (drow rings give 2 each, or just cast adrenaline
    pump)

See also [Fletching Kits](Fletching_Tools_And_Materials "wikilink") and
[Ammuntion](:Category:_Ammunition "wikilink").

[Category: Hero Archer Gear](Category:_Hero_Archer_Gear "wikilink")
