*Once [ assassins](Assassin.md "wikilink") reach a certain level of
experience they often begin taking on specific contracts. These "hits"
serve to further boost the reputation of successful assassins.*

*Assassins should seek out the [Assassin Of The
Hand](Assassin_Of_The_Hand "wikilink") in
[Midgaard](Midgaard "wikilink"). He offers limited time contracts to
Assassins of at least level 40. These contracts will be displayed via
the INSIGNIA command once entered into and will automatically be removed
after one day regardless of whether the contract is completed or not. If
you manage to kill the mob specified in the contract during the time
limit you should return to the Hand for your reward.*

*The reward is always one point of [reputation](reputation "wikilink").
Assassins can undertake as many contracts as they wish (subject to the 1
per day limit) but they will never be able to increase their reputation
above 80 via this method.*

## Comments

The "Bounty target" insignia will persist until the next midnight (game
time, EST), regardless of whether the quest is completed or not, after
which you will be able to do another contract.

Sometimes the target is in a place the assassin cannot get to herself.
For example, one was at the top of the Ice Tree section in [Transfigured
Forest](Transfigured_Forest "wikilink"), which requires bashdoor to
navigate. The target can also be in an
[EHA](:Category:Elite_Hero_Areas.md "wikilink") or even a [Lord
Area](:Category:Lord_Planes.md "wikilink").

The target must give more than 0 xp to count.

[Category: Hero Quests](Category:_Hero_Quests "wikilink")
[Category:Assassins](Category:Assassins "wikilink")
