*An account from Wyland the [Druid](:Category:_Druids "wikilink"): After
meditation and fasting, I was ready to reach that inner calm that allows
a [druid](:Category:_Druids "wikilink") to become a living tree. This
stasis is an experience reserved for those within the highest Circles of
magic. I was unsure if I was ready for this step, and in truth that
should have given me a hint, but I was young and ambitious to be one
with the forest. I began the incantation and sensed a wrongness in my
words. Small mistakes in inflection or possibly something I had yet to
learn, when I finished I was not a young Oak bending in the wind. I was
still Wyland, with skin made of rough bark. After several years of
study, I was able to remove the [spell](:Category:_Spells "wikilink")
and now it is a common practice among
[druids](:Category:_Druids "wikilink") for
[defense](:Category:_Skills_And_Spells_That_Buff_Characters "wikilink").
(Modifies [AC](Armor_Class "wikilink") by -30)*

Prerequisite(s): none.

Syntax: [cast](Cast "wikilink") 'barkskin'
\<[character](:Category:_Characters "wikilink")\>.

This [spell](:Category:_Spells "wikilink") is rather valuable for
[buffing](:Category:_Skills_And_Spells_That_Buff_Characters "wikilink")
oneself or others.

See also [Barkskin Gear](:Category:_Barkskin_Gear "wikilink").

[Category: Skills And Spells](Category:_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Spells](Category:_Spells "wikilink") [Category: Archer Hero
Skills And Spells](Category:_Archer_Hero_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Druid Hero Skills And
Spells](Category:_Druid_Hero_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink") [Category:
Fusilier Hero Skills And
Spells](Category:_Fusilier_Hero_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink") [Category:
Skills And Spells That Buff
Characters](Category:_Skills_And_Spells_That_Buff_Characters "wikilink")
