This starts with getting [Some Folded
Schematics](Some_Folded_Schematics "wikilink").

<spoiler> Get them from the hooded thief. </spoiler>

Hand them in to the right person and this happens: <spoiler>
[Jerome](Jerome "wikilink"), Paradise's master thief says 'Well it's a
map of Midgaard... marked with entrances to Paradise. Well that explains
why I've been seeing so many new faces recently.'

Jerome, Paradise's master thief says 'I so wish they wouldn't circulate
maps like this for everyone to see, but there it is....'

Squinting his eyes, Jerome examines the map of Paradise in more detail.

Jerome, Paradise's master thief says 'This marking, to the West of the
city... this is where we started finding the old bones. It's possible
this is what the scaled ones are after.'

Jerome, Paradise's master thief says 'Come to think of it, our dig site
is the only significant marking I see; why it's practically a treasure
map! You don't think someone drew this just to lead---'

Someone concentrates deeply...

Some folded schematics float into someone's hands.

Someone leaves west.

Jerome, Paradise's master thief exclaims 'What the... did you just see
what I---? BLAST IT!'

Jerome, Paradise's master thief exclaims 'If that's what the Black
Circle was after, we can't let them escape. Stop standing around! After
them!' </spoiler>

There is also some mob killing which needs to be done, which can be both
a little painful and needs to be done as quickly as possible. You will
be looking for three seperate items as proof of your actions.

<spoiler> There are three Black Circle Assassins to find and kill, which
drop three different tattoo items (they are: 'tattoo of a black shining
sun', 'a black scale tattoo', and 'tattoed pair of black wings'). Get
all three and then give one of them to Jerome and he will give you [
fossilized dragon bones](Fossilized_Dragon_Bones.md "wikilink").

the Assassins use psi spells and are fairly difficult to solo for
smaller heroes. also there seems to be a timer, so they will disappear
after a little while, for example if you kill one and go back to sanc to
regen. however, you can acquire the tattoos at different times, you'll
just need to give jerome the schematics again to get the Assassins to
repop.

1/3 - mob on scan: "You see three red glowing eyes watching!"  
drops: a black scale tattoo

2/3 - mob on scan: "A shimmering humanoid outline circles you
inquisitively."  
drops: tattoo of a black shining sun

3/3 - mob on scan: "A translucent shape changes color to match its
surroundings."  
drops: tattoed pair of black wings

</spoiler>

[Category:Quests In Pariah's
Paradise](Category:Quests_In_Pariah's_Paradise "wikilink")
[Category:Hero Quests](Category:Hero_Quests "wikilink")
