*A well placed sock to the back of the neck, and even the staunchest
guard will crumble like [goblin](Goblins "wikilink") architecture. This
is the perfect time to [borrow](Steal "wikilink")
[belongings](:Category:_Objects "wikilink") or
[gold](Gold_In_Hand "wikilink") from lenders who might otherwise be
stingy. Several [Rogue guilds](Rogue_Guild_Terrain "wikilink") make
liberal use of blackjacks to keep outsiders away. There is, of course, a
chance the attack will fail, mostly depending on the quality of the
blackjack being used. Although blackjacks are weapon-like, they are
totally useless in a melee, so blackjacks are considered [rogue
tools](:Category:_Rogue_Tools "wikilink"), and not
[weapon](:Category:_Weapons "wikilink") items. Since blackjacking knocks
targets out so fast, the [rogue](:Category:_Rogues "wikilink") can
generally escape [legal troubles](Outlaw_Flag "wikilink"), unless
another [guard](Townguard_Mobs "wikilink") or
[citizen](Citizen_Mobs "wikilink") catches him in the act. Blackjack is
affected by your [race](:Category:_Races "wikilink")'s innate
stealthiness. Large or clumsy [races](:Category:_Races "wikilink") may
be spotted moving in for the kill.*

Prerequisite(s): [Rogue Lore](Rogue_Lore "wikilink").

Syntax: blackjack \<[mob](:Category:_Mobs "wikilink")\>.

[Category: Skills And Spells](Category:_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Skills](Category:_Skills "wikilink") [Category: Black Circle
Initiate Lowmort Skills And
Spells](Category:_Black_Circle_Initiate_Lowmort_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Bladedancer Lowmort Skills And
Spells](Category:_Bladedancer_Lowmort_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Rogue Lowmort Skills And
Spells](Category:_Rogue_Lowmort_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink") [Category:
Shadowfist Hero Skills And
Spells](Category:_Shadowfist_Hero_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Skill Commands](Category:_Skill_Commands "wikilink")
