''No one but the Black Dragons themselves are sure where they hail from.
One thing is for certain though, they seem most at ease in the shadows,
or under the dark of night. Their inky black scales seem to soak up any
surrounding light, making their surroundings just a little bit darker.

''Compared to other types of Dragons, Black Dragons are slender and
slinky. This makes them surprisingly stealthy hunters for their size.
But because Black Dragons are less bulky, their blows do not land as
heavily as those from other Dragon breeds.

''As a result of their time spent in the shadows, Black Dragons have
developed the ability to [see in complete
darkness](Racial_Darkvision.md "wikilink"). After the sun goes down,
Black Dragons are known to engage in a murderous [hunt for their
foes](Racial_Prowl.md "wikilink"). Black Dragons also possess the latent
psionic ability to [inspire sheer terror](Racial_Terror.md "wikilink")
in their enemies.

''When utilizing his acid breath to its fullest potential, a Black
Dragon can melt away his foe's defenses and prevent their body from
regenerating properly.

-   **Abbreviation:** Bkd.

<!-- -->

-   **[Language(s)](:Category:_Languages.md "wikilink"):**
    [Common](Common_Language.md "wikilink"),
    [Draconian](Draconian_Language.md "wikilink").

<!-- -->

-   **[Racial(s)](:Category:_Racials.md "wikilink"):**
    [Armorancient](Racial_Armorancient.md "wikilink"),
    [Breath](Racial_Breath.md "wikilink"),
    [Claw](Racial_Claw.md "wikilink"), [Fly](Racial_Fly.md "wikilink"),
    [Darkvision](Racial_Darkvision.md "wikilink"),
    [Tail](Racial_Tail.md "wikilink"), [Corpse
    Eating](Racial_Corpse_Eating.md "wikilink"),
    [Prowl](Racial_Prowl.md "wikilink"),
    [Terror](Racial_Terror.md "wikilink"),
    [Imbue](Racial_Imbue.md "wikilink").

<!-- -->

-   **[Characteristics](:Category:_Characteristics.md "wikilink"):**
    [Quadruped](:Category:Quadruped.md "wikilink"),
    [Wings](:Category:Wings.md "wikilink"),
    [Horns](:Category:Horns.md "wikilink"),
    [Claws](:Category:Claws.md "wikilink"), [Scaled
    Race](:Category:Scaled_Races.md "wikilink"),
    [Draconic](:Category:Draconic.md "wikilink")

<!-- -->

-   **[Racial Size](Racial_Size.md "wikilink"):** very large.

<!-- -->

-   **[Racial TNL](Racial_TNL.md "wikilink"):** 10000 XP.

<!-- -->

-   **Well-Suited to Be:**
    [berserkers](:Category:_Berserkers.md "wikilink"),
    [bodyguards](:Category:_Bodyguards.md "wikilink"), [black circle
    initiates](:Category:_Black_Circle_Initiates.md "wikilink"),
    [clerics](:Category:_Clerics.md "wikilink"),
    [mages](:Category:_Mages.md "wikilink"),
    [mindbenders](:Category:_Mindbenders.md "wikilink"),
    [monks](:Category:_Monks.md "wikilink"),
    [paladins](:Category:_Paladins.md "wikilink"),
    [priests](:Category:_Priests.md "wikilink"),
    [psionicists](:Category:_Psionicists.md "wikilink"),
    [rangers](:Category:_Rangers.md "wikilink"),
    [shadowfists](:Category:_Shadowfists.md "wikilink"),
    [sorcerers](:Category:_Sorcerers.md "wikilink"),
    [stormlords](:Category:_Stormlords.md "wikilink"),
    [warriors](:Category:_Warriors.md "wikilink"),
    [wizards](:Category:_Wizards.md "wikilink").

<!-- -->

-   **Ill-Suited to Be:** [archers](:Category:_Archers.md "wikilink"),
    [assassins](:Category:_Assassins.md "wikilink"),
    [druids](:Category:_Druids.md "wikilink"),
    [fusiliers](:Category:_Fusiliers.md "wikilink"),
    [rogues](:Category:_Rogues.md "wikilink").

## Comments

I have not adjusted the Well-Suited or Ill-Suited lists from regular
(Red) Dragons, but presumably Black Dragons have better stealth and
would therefore make better Shadowfists, Black Circle Initiates, Rogues
and Assassins.

Black Dragons retain the same racial size of "Very Large".

The stealth changes for Black Dragon from normal (Red) dragon seems to
be +1 stealth level to -1 from -2, making Black Dragon's similar to
trolls. This means that if you are a Black Dragon Rogue or Bladedancer
you can still fail stealth checks. If you are a BCI, the stealth bonus
from Nightcloak (+10% stealth) is big enough when combined with changing
to Black Dragon that you will never fail stealth checks. This has been
tested by playing a Black Dragon BCI for approximately 15 hero levels
with zero stealth fails while Nightcloak was up.

Black Dragons gain several new racials, including "Prowl" and "Terror".

Terror works like the mob_spec that can make you flee. You cause all
mobs engaged in direct combat with you attempt to flee and they will
either flee completely, have fear cast on them or trip and fall down. It
is exhausted for eight ticks when used.

Prowl is a self-buffing racial that provides +2% stealth for 8 ticks on
a 12 tick cooldown. It also provides your hits with a damage boost of
approximately 1 star. ie: \*MULTILATING vs MULTILATING. The major
drawback to this racial is that it can only be used during nighttime
(check "time" in game) which lasts from 7pm until 5am game time.

Spell: 'midnight prowl' modifies stealth by + 2% for 0 hours.

[Category: Races](Category:_Races "wikilink") [Category: Quest
Races](Category:_Quest_Races "wikilink") [Category: Scaled
Races](Category:_Scaled_Races "wikilink") [Category: Chromatic
Dragons](Category:_Chromatic_Dragons "wikilink") [Category: Races with
Racial Armor](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Armor "wikilink") [Category:
Races with Racial
Armorancient](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Armorancient "wikilink")
[Category: Races with Racial
Fly](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Fly "wikilink") [Category: Races with
Racial Claw](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Claw "wikilink") [Category:
Races with Racial Tail](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Tail "wikilink")
[Category: Races with Racial
Breath](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Breath "wikilink") [Category: Races
with Racial
Darkvision](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Darkvision "wikilink")
[Category: Races with Racial Corpse
Eating](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Corpse_Eating "wikilink") [Category:
Races with Racial Terror](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Terror "wikilink")
[Category: Races with Racial
Prowl](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Prowl "wikilink") [Category: Races
with Racial Imbue](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Imbue "wikilink")
[Category:Quadruped](Category:Quadruped "wikilink")
[Category:Wings](Category:Wings "wikilink")
[Category:Horns](Category:Horns "wikilink")
[Category:Claws](Category:Claws "wikilink")
[Category:Draconic](Category:Draconic "wikilink")
