*Those intimately familiar with nature can learn to locate corpses by
the telltale scent of death and blood. At first, those skilled in
scenting blood can are only capable of following their own scent to a
kill-zone, but those who master the more difficult skill of [blood
trail](Blood_Trail.md "wikilink") can also locate the corpses of other
players. A blood scent or trail will always lead to the most recent
corpse that matches the target, since the most recently created corpse
will have the freshest trail. Tracking takes time; there are delays
whenever a user moves and has to relocate the trail. The
[bloodhound](Bloodhound.md "wikilink")
[skill](:Category:_Skills_And_Spells.md "wikilink") can help speed the
process.*

Prerequisite(s): none.

Syntax: [scent](Scent.md "wikilink").  
Syntax: [scent](Scent.md "wikilink")
\<[character](:Category:_Characters.md "wikilink")\>.  

[Category: Skills And Spells](Category:_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Skills](Category:_Skills "wikilink") [Category: Archer
Lowmort Skills And
Spells](Category:_Archer_Lowmort_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Berserker Lowmort Skills And
Spells](Category:_Berserker_Lowmort_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Druid Hero Skills And
Spells](Category:_Druid_Hero_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink") [Category:
Fusilier Lowmort Skills And
Spells](Category:_Fusilier_Lowmort_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
