*Sneaky and manipulative, Shadowfists corrupt the teachings of
[Gorn](Gorn "wikilink") to justify their sinister world view; The
massacre of all those who stand against them through any means
neccesary. They combine unarmed fighting with the dishonorable tactics
usually favored by [Rogues](:Category:_Rogues "wikilink") and
[Assassins](:Category:_Assassins "wikilink").*

*Like all [Prestige Classes](:Category:_Prestige_Classes "wikilink"),
they retain the original class's [Prime
Requisite](Prime_Requisite "wikilink"), in this case,
[Dexterity](Dexterity "wikilink"). Shadowfists have strayed too far from
the light to ever become [Priests](:Category:_Priests "wikilink"), like
[Monks](:Category:_Monks "wikilink") can, but they can become
[Assassins](:Category:_Assassins "wikilink"), albeit later than
[Rogues](:Category:_Rogues "wikilink").*

*Shadowfists masters can sometimes be found training in [inhospitable
environs](:Category:Desiccated_Farmland "wikilink").*

*Requirements:  
*\* level 50 Monk  
*\* Relatively intelligent  
*\* Prove your intent by violating a sanctuary  
''\* Be evil

**Abbreviation:** Shf.

**[Base Class](:Category:_Core_Classes "wikilink"):**
[Monk](:Category:_Monks "wikilink").

**[Prime Requisite](Prime_Requisite "wikilink"):**
[Dexterity](Dexterity "wikilink").

## Shadowfists in General

Shadowfists trade some good skills for their evil ones. Gain: a
lifesteal and critical strike attack as well as rogue flee skills. Lose:
all healing, status abnormality cure, and awen spells, also notably they
lose arrow dodge. They don't get bear stance or transfer life. They do
get [medicine](medicine "wikilink"). Also to take advantage of their
hero101 skills they must train demonic intent which keeps them evil
aligned.

## Shadowfist Creation

Be evil aligned, be a monk and kill a monk in [Sir Michael's
Stronghold](:Category:Sir_Michael's_Stronghold "wikilink"). You must
have <b>18 base int</b> at lowmort, or 20 int at hero. Any race can
become a shf with the use of QP. Some popular choices are gargoyle and
golem. Orc, ogr, or giant would also be good choices (but will need
quest points to bypass the int requirement) - basically anything that
would be good for a [Monk](:Category:Monks "wikilink") (drg, grf, trl,
kzn, etc). Also, note that the amount of hp gained from vamp/vital
attacks has been limited to less than it once was, thus reducing the
benefit of a brute race somewhat.

The monk you need to kill in order for Diryn (Shf trainer) to accept you
is the "meditating monk." The directions to this monk from Marcus is
e2s2e2n.

## Shadowfists at Hero Tier

### Training

Train Wis first to get more practices per level, followed by Dex(Prime
Requisite), Con, Str and Int(You can choose to train Int earlier as it
will make practicing cost less).

### Practicing

Trainer is [Diryn](Diryn "wikilink"). Concentrate on inclass spells and
abilities. All of 'slist' and what you see in 'hlist inclass'/'llist
inclass'

### Devoting

Most Shf choose to worship/devote [Gorn](Gorn "wikilink"). See
[Worship](Worship "wikilink") and [Devotion](Devotion "wikilink") for
details to make your own choice.

### Fighting

Take advantage of your different stances as much as possible. I like to
use emu stance while my hp are full, and start combat with a surprise
attack, then kick like crazy. After losing 500-1000 hp, I will usually
switch to vampire fang stance and start using vs in combat. Spectral
stance is useful in areas where the mobs seem to parry more than usual.

A note regarding counters: if you choose a counter other than basic,
such as counterkick, you only use that counter against the mob you are
directly fighting. If you are fighting more than one mob you will use
your "basic" counter on the ones you are not directly fighting. For
monks and shadowfists who have not learned vital counter this is a
simple counter hit. For shadowfists who have learned vital counter,
vital will become their "basic" counter.

Something useful to consider regarding the use of vampire fang is that
the damage you deal is much greater for vital strikes used to open
combat than those used between rounds ([Shrike
Style](Shrike_Style "wikilink") helps with these). Also, in cases where
you kill your opponent quickly it's generally better to open with a
vital shot while using vampire fang so that you actually benefit from
the stance.

**Soloing:**

**Tanking:** Since Shadowfists don't get [bear
stance](Bear_Stance "wikilink"), which Monks get, they will suffer an AC
penalty from using [rescue](rescue "wikilink").

**Hitting:**

## Shadowfists at Lord Tier

Shadowfists serve as tanks at lord tier. They get a bit more hp than
monks but tend to get hit significantly more. The reasons include lack
of [blind devotion](Blind_Devotion "wikilink") and their evil alignment.
Also many lord mobs are elementals and thus vampire fang doesn't work
well with them. They do have one "trick" which they obtain at lord 225,
which is [Countercrush](Countercrush "wikilink") with [Vital
Counter](Vital_Counter "wikilink") and [Full
Counter](Full_Counter "wikilink") (lord 325), which allows them to do
non-negligible amounts of damage to mobiles which are susceptible to
vital counter, such as gith in Outland.

In late September of 2014 [Qi](Qi "wikilink") was introduced for
[Monks](:Category:_Monks "wikilink") and Shadowfists. This adds many new
skills and abilities.

## Shadowfist Remort Options

Shadowfists can remort to [assassins](:Category:Assassins "wikilink") at
lord 150 (300 to keep race).

[Category: Prestige Classes](Category:_Prestige_Classes "wikilink")
