*The Diplomatic Corps was founded on the grounds of the Midgaardia
[Olympics](:Category:Olympic_Grounds.md "wikilink") a full ten years
after the last great racial war. Representatives from all Midgaardian
races came together in Aelmon's sanctuary to hash out a plan to unite
all nations and foster peace, friendship, and trade.*

*Building on the Corps hall was begun one year after the first meeting
of representatives. All races put forth funds to build a grand gesture
of peace. The hall is a huge monument to the power of friendship between
the races. Ents and giants worked together to build the structure. Fae
and orcs planned the interior. Gnomes and the beast races provided the
surrounding flora and fauna. Gargoyles provided the intricate stonework.
Ogres provided the brute strength required to move furniture. The
reptilian races helped refine the security system and trained the
guards.*

**Level Range:** 10-50

**Builder:** Kasab

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 8n, 7w, \[s\], d, 2n,
w.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: None. 2w from
[Gnomish Tinker](Gnomish_Tinker.md "wikilink").

## Connections

-   [Olympic Grounds](:Category:Olympic_Grounds.md "wikilink")

## Navigation

Two levels each running east/west with a room for each of the races that
can run the quests.

Creatable races who can do the quests can find their ambassadors on the
ground floor, except humans whose "ambassador" is upstairs. Remort races
can find theirs upstairs.

Evolution races do not have representation.

Miraar will need to choose one race (by copying it), and do its complete
series of quests.

## Adventuring

This whole area is cursed and used to run quests for special
bonus-bearing insignias.

These quests open at level 10 and each of the five quests needs to be
completed within 10 levels. Ie. the first quest is lvl 10-19, second is
lvl 20-29, third is lvl 30-39, fourth is lvl 40-49, and the final quest
is lvl 50-Hero 9.

Skipping a quest is not recommended, since even failing one will reward
the player with a free level.

For creatable races each of the 5 quests will give the player an
insignia granting:

-   +1 to [Wisdom](Wisdom "wikilink"), +1 to
    [Intelligence](Intelligence "wikilink"), +1 to
    [Constitution](Constitution "wikilink"), +1 to [Hit
    Roll](Hit_Roll "wikilink") and +1 to [Damage
    Roll](Damage_Roll "wikilink").

Upon reaching Hero 101, this insignia will fade to +3 to Wis, Int and
Con (assuming you have at least four successes; three successes net +2
to each of these three stats), dispensing the need to wear leveling
gear, and the HR/DR bonus will disappear. On eventual remort, the player
will keep this insignia, so it can be stacked with the remort insignia.

For remort races each of the 5 quests will provide:

-   +1 to [Strength](Strength "wikilink"), +1 to
    [Dexterity](Dexterity "wikilink"), +5% to hp regeneration rate, +5%
    to mana regeneration rate and +5% to moves regeneration rate.

Upon reaching Hero 101, this insignia will fade to +3 to Str and Dex,
and 3% to all regeneration rates, thus eliminating the need for most of
the stat-gear.

Completing any creation or remort DC quest will also grant the player an
[approval from your
ambassador](approval_from_your_ambassador "wikilink") for each quest.
From Hero 1 to Hero 9 certain shopkeepers all over Midgaardia will emote
the player so these can be turned in for quest potions (such as
invincibility, steel, divinity, heal ii, etc). After Hero 9, these can
still be turned in, but the mobs will no longer emote.

See the following: {.md\| border="1" cellpadding="1" cellspacing="1"
width="600px" \|- ! style="background:#ffdead;" \| Quest Giver !
style="background:#ffdead;" \| Race(s) ! style="background:#ffdead;" \|
Item Wanted \|- \| [Aeldiskaa](Aeldiskaa "wikilink") \| Elves, Drow, and
Half-Elves \| [Aeldiskaa's fae starlight
locket](Aeldiskaa's_Fae_Starlight_Locket.md "wikilink") \|- \|
[Asterion](Asterion "wikilink") .md\| Minotaurs \| [Asterion's Cow
Bell](Asterion's_Cow_Bell "wikilink") \|- \|
[Azrahrn](Azrahrn "wikilink") .md\| Demonseeds \| [Azrahrn's
pitchfork](Azrahrn's_pitchfork "wikilink") \|- \| [Bob](Bob "wikilink")
.md\| Humans \| \|- \| [Esseirt'u](Esseirt'u "wikilink") \| Sprites and
High Elves \| Esseirt'u's wizard hat \|- \|
[FangJaw](FangJaw "wikilink") .md\| Ogres \| [Fangjaw's Mother's
Jaw](Fangjaw's_Mother's_Jaw "wikilink") \|- \|
[Genizah](Genizah "wikilink") .md\| Golems \| \|- \|
[Hiisit](Hiisit "wikilink") \| Trolls \| [Drawbridge
Trap](Drawbridge_Trap "wikilink") .md\|- \| [Homa](Homa "wikilink") \|
Griffins \| \|- \| [Jherrdja](Jherrdja "wikilink") .md\| Centaurs,
Kzinti and Harpies \| Jherrdja's Gloves \|- \|
[Kauksis](Kauksis "wikilink") \| Draconians, Lizardmen and Troglodytes
\| Kauksis' humanskin rug \|- \| [Khazdul](Khazdul "wikilink") .md\|
Orcs and Half-Orcs \| Khazdul's ceremonial dagger \|- \|
[Ljolsafar](Ljolsafar "wikilink") \| Dwarfs and Duergar \| Ljolsafar's
personal pick-ax \|- \| [Lorkimornysy](Lorkimornysy "wikilink") .md\|
Hobgoblins and Tuataurs \| lorkimornysy's horn of mischief \|- \|
[Midgaard Beastmaster](Midgaard_Beastmaster "wikilink") \| Ents and
Gargoyles \| The Beastmaster's Whip \|- \| [NHUG!](Nhug.md "wikilink")
\| Giants \| Nhug's Drool Catcher \|- \| [Nranthos](Nranthos "wikilink")
.md\| Gnomes and Deep Gnomes \| \|- \| [Quaghmos](Quaghmos "wikilink")
\| Dragons \| \|- \| [Ralbo Breadhand](Ralbo_Breadhand "wikilink") .md\|
Halflings \| ralbo Breadhand's court cookbook \|- \|
[Skratti](Skratti "wikilink") \| Goblins and Kobolds \| Skratti's Boots
of Fast Walking \|- \| [Zzrk'alii](Zzrk'alii "wikilink") .md\| Gith \|
gem set diadem of immense power \|}

For spoilers, check out: dcquests.info

[Category:Lowmort 11-20 Areas](Category:Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink")
[Category:Lowmort 21-30 Areas](Category:Lowmort_21-30_Areas "wikilink")
[Category:Lowmort 31-40 Areas](Category:Lowmort_31-40_Areas "wikilink")
[Category:Lowmort 41-50 Areas](Category:Lowmort_41-50_Areas "wikilink")
[Category: Insignia Quests](Category:_Insignia_Quests "wikilink")
