## Recommended Gear

\* Number in parentheses represents the HR bonus of the item. /m in
parens indicates item carries additional archer mods

\*\* Depending on options seems to be two max possible archer mods

\*\*\* Has the flag "It hinders archery", but this may have no effect in
the waist slot

In the world of Archery certain gear for hands, wrists and arm slots
have modifiers that improve/hinder Damage, Accuracy and Criticals and
also facilitate Archer Skills. These can be found by an archer with
archery lore using exam on the item. To get the max out of these bonuses
the gear needs to be 3 levels above your current level as the bonuses
are calculated on the current level of the item hence all hero gear with
these modifiers should be level 54.

For Archers hit roll and archery modifiers are the important things for
hitgear. To that end the top tier item for each slot will result in an
addition of 95 hit roll. This include Ultimate Dragon, manifest, and EHA
items. If you focus on standard hero-area items then that number is 78
plus whatever you decide on the hands (archery modifiers vs. hit
roll)<sup>1</sup>. [Fusiliers](:Category:_Fusiliers "wikilink") should
consider some [throwing
weapons](:Category:_Throwing_Weapons.md "wikilink"), for use with [Quick
Draw](Quick_Draw "wikilink").

<sup>(1)</sup> Gear for the hands slot or Archery modifiers vs hit roll,
there is an argument that the improves archery damage modifier on level
54 gear is better than the 5 hit roll max (excluding [Ultimate Archer's
Gauntlet](Ultimate_Archer's_Gauntlet "wikilink") which has the damage
modifier plus 7 hit roll). Hence the [Black Leather
Gloves](Black_Leather_Gloves "wikilink") are still included as hero
archer gear you just have to find a method of getting them to level 54
(enchants, wards, etc).

[Category: Hero Gear](Category:_Hero_Gear "wikilink") [Category: Archer
Gear](Category:_Archer_Gear "wikilink")
