Suggested Group Size: 15

If you don't already have it, you need to first get the ticket
([Invasion Plans](Invasion_Plans "wikilink")) from [Citadel
Arcadia](:Category:Citadel_Arcadia "wikilink"). This can be picked up
via a minor detour on a [Glyph](Ruling_Glyph "wikilink") run. See [Gear
In Citadel Arcadia](:Category:Gear_In_Citadel_Arcadia "wikilink") for
more information on how to get the plans.

Once you have the [Invasion Plans](Invasion_Plans "wikilink"), shift to
[Astral](:Category:Astral "wikilink") and go nws. This will put you in
the 8th leg of [Astral Invasion](:Category:Astral_Invasion "wikilink").
The mobs in [Astral Invasion](:Category:Astral_Invasion "wikilink")
wield ethereal weapons, so bringing a psi to decept is very helpful.
It's also a good idea to let the bored brutes know that disarming is
worthless, so as to cut down on the spam :). From the 8th leg its a
linear path to the fae fortress, where all eight legs of the area
converge.

Here's a crappy ASCII map for how I think the fae fortress is laid out:

`  8 1`  
`  | |`  
`7-  *-2`  
`6-   -3`  
`  | |`  
`  5 4`

If you just want to get the [Inferno Stone](Inferno_Stone "wikilink")
make your way to the 4th leg. To get there from the entrance of the fort
from the 8th leg, 2usu2s2e3s . Track mithras will also bring you there.
Once you find the cleric (Mithras) have a groupie give him the [Invasion
Plans](Invasion_Plans "wikilink"); this transports the person who gave
the plans to an arena room below from which he can open the door up to
allow the rest of the group to join him.  
  
**You have two options to open the portal to the [Astral
Dragon](Astral_Dragon "wikilink").** - You can either try to disarm the
prisoner or you can assist the prisoner escape by killing psionic balls
of energy (which will open a door to his jailers) and then his jailers.

-   **Assisting the prisoner (guaranteed pool to dragon)** - The balls
    of energy appear in different legs. You can "where ball" to see what
    leg they're in or you can also track them. After killing all the
    balls, a room opens between legs 4 and 5 with a down exit. It
    contains 3 mobs. If you kill the three mobs and return to the
    prisoner, he drops his sword. The jailer room remains open until a
    reboot making it easier for future runs (you can clear this room
    before heading to the prisoner). Note: you need to visit the
    prisoner and say 'yes' to spawn the balls
-   **Disarming the prisoner (non-guaranteed pool to dragon)** -
    Disarming the prisoner is not an easy task. If you try to disarm the
    prisoner, if the mob drops his sword, a pool will appear, but if he
    recovers the sword and it remains in his inventory, you have to wait
    for repop to try again. Webbing the prisoner before disarming is a
    good idea, since it lowers his dex. Blindness probably also helps.
    This is a good room for regenning.

Have a tank drink from the pool and areaspell, while the rest of the
group areaspells or targets the astral dragon when they follow. The
dragon's room was upgraded recently with many more mobs than it used to
have. You can't homeshift from the gear room, only planeshift. If you
walk out west, you can portal to gith prisoner and homeshift. The astral
dragon does not repop with the rest of the room, so this item cannot be
camped.

Other than the [Inferno Stone](Inferno_Stone "wikilink") there's a
couple other useful pieces of gear in this area. To get the [Jade
Bracer](Jade_Bracer "wikilink") find the [Fae Invasion
Commander](Fae_Invasion_Commander "wikilink"). To get to him look for an
up exit from the fae fortress. I placed the \* on the map above where I
think the up exit is. After you go up he'll be north. Note that he keep
company with invis bodyguards. This room seems to be quite a bit buffer
now that mob specs are being redone. Watch out for tanks losing a
massive amount of hp if they get bashed. The [invasion
commander](Fae_Invasion_Commander "wikilink") also holds the
[Lightspear](Lightspear "wikilink").

Another good piece of gear in this area is the [Pile Of Green
Webbing](Pile_Of_Green_Webbing "wikilink"). It's one of the tickets for
the [Ceremonial Sword Of The High King's
Champion](Ceremonial_Sword_Of_The_High_King's_Champion "wikilink"). It
loads on the [Kzinti Emissary](Kzinti_Emissary "wikilink"), who keeps
company with some bodyguards in the 6th leg. The 6th leg is in the
southwestern corner of the fort. The
[emissary](Kzinti_Emissary "wikilink") is trackable.

Walking directions to the mobs of interest in this run now corrected.

From [Astral](:Category:Astral "wikilink") shift to [Invasion
Commander](Invasion_Commander "wikilink") ([Jade
Bracer](Jade_Bracer "wikilink")): nws2usu3seun

From [Invasion Commander](Invasion_Commander "wikilink") to [Kzinti
Emissary](Kzinti_Emissary "wikilink") ([Pile Of Green
Webbing](Pile_Of_Green_Webbing "wikilink")): sd2s4wdwd he's in the 6th
leg

From [Kzinti Emissary](Kzinti_Emissary "wikilink") to [Fae
Cleric](Fae_Cleric "wikilink") (who you give the [Invasion
Plans](Invasion_Plans "wikilink") to): ueu5e3sds he's in the 4th leg

[Category:Astral Invasion](Category:Astral_Invasion "wikilink")
[Category:Gear In Astral](Category:Gear_In_Astral "wikilink")
