Suggested group size: 10 or so if you're trying to get a
[tattoo](Watermark_Tattoo.md "wikilink"), but can easily be done with
less.

Note that this category is meant to describe the gear runs in "Water
Proper", whose full name is (unfortunately) [Plane Of
Water](:Category:Plane_Of_Water.md "wikilink").

To get the [Watermark Tattoo](Watermark_Tattoo "wikilink") go either s e
or 4n e from [Water](:Category:Water.md "wikilink") shift. There you
will find a maelstrom. Enter it. This room is relatively safe for
regen/respell, but be wary of the sole [Surly Water
Elemental](Surly_Water_Elemental "wikilink") (stabber) who can wander
into this room. He repops 1e of the room you end up in after entering
the maelstrom. Lots of leaders send a healthy brute to sleep 1e of the
group, so that when the [surly](Surly_Water_Elemental.md "wikilink")
repops he doesn't wander in and stab a caster to death.

Another east from the [surly](Surly_Water_Elemental.md "wikilink") is
the [Water Elemental Ruler](Water_Elemental_Ruler "wikilink") along with
4 [Huge Water Elementals](Huge_Water_Elemental "wikilink"). Make sure
your tanks and casters are ready before taking him on. After you clear
the room you'll need to portal out. "wyrm" is a good portal point
because you're guaranteed to get out of the Ruler's court. The [Water
Elemental Ruler](Water_Elemental_Ruler "wikilink") also carries a
[Watersphere](Watersphere "wikilink").

Somewhere else in [Water Proper](:Category:Plane_Of_Water.md "wikilink")
[Frostbite](Frostbite "wikilink"), [Blizzard](Blizzard "wikilink"), and
the [Ice Efreet](Ice_Efreet "wikilink") hang out together. They're high
level invis mobs, so you'll know you found them when you see a clump of
"red eyes watching" on scan. I'm pretty sure you'll see them on scan if
you head west from shift. I know you can't teleport to them, and I doubt
you can track them, considering you can't see them. Anyway, the mobs in
that room have the [Icesphere](Icesphere "wikilink"), the [Pink Ice Ring
(Plane Of Water)](Pink_Ice_Ring_(Plane_Of_Water) "wikilink"), the [Ice
Hound's Tooth](Ice_Hound's_Tooth "wikilink"), and the [Ice
Collar](Ice_Collar "wikilink"). Note that they are very wimpy when
compared to the [Watermark Tattoo](Watermark_Tattoo "wikilink") room.

Wandering around [Water Proper](:Category:Plane_Of_Water.md "wikilink")
are some [Deadly Water Elementals](Deadly_Water_Elemental "wikilink").
One out of three of them carries a [Ring Of
Water](Ring_Of_Water "wikilink"), which is a [2nd tier
ac](:Category:Lord_Second_Tier_Tank_Gear.md "wikilink")/[save
vs](:Category:Lord_Save_Vs_Spell_Gear.md "wikilink")/[+hp](:Category:Lord_HP_Gear.md "wikilink")
ring. The [Deadly Water Elemental](Deadly_Water_Elemental "wikilink") is
high level invis, so it'll show up on scan as a single pair of glowing
red eyes.

As far as I know the Watershapes are on random elementals throughout the
area. If anyone understand the mob-\>slot correlation for watershapes,
please feel free to share that information with the rest of us.

[Category:Plane Of Water](Category:Plane_Of_Water "wikilink")
