*It seems that most cultures have one thing in common, a need for
warriors. These are the men and women who train from birth to survive
the lethal environment of close combat with
[weapons](:Category:_Weapons.md "wikilink") and armor. These soldiers,
mercenaries, guards, etc. utilize their knowledge of armor,
[weapons](:Category:_Weapons.md "wikilink"), and tactics to great
effect. While they may not have a lot of skills with which to draw from,
the [skills](:Category:_Warrior_Skills_And_Spells.md "wikilink") they do
learn are extremely effective, and are generally learned quite early.
The only drawback of the warrior lies in its main strength, its
simplicity.*

*The [prime requisite](Prime_Requisite.md "wikilink") of Warriors is
[STRength](Strength.md "wikilink"), giving them the capacity to mete out
more damage, and carry more [gear](:Category:_Gear.md "wikilink") and
equipment than any other [class](:Category:_Classes.md "wikilink").*

**Abbreviation:** War.

**[Prime Requisite](Prime_Requisite.md "wikilink"):**
[Strength](Strength.md "wikilink").

## Warriors in General

Warriors are big, fat hitters, but due to their size, can make great
tanks as well. At hero 250+, their [damage](damage "wikilink") ranges
from 1 hit getting them somewhere that is as least EVISC, to 8 hits
getting oblit, which gives them really solid hitting, right up there
with archers. Their low [dexterity](dexterity "wikilink") means they
won't be dodging much, but their hp and class defining parry related
skills can help make up this gap when it comes to [tanking in hit
gear](tanking_in_hit_gear "wikilink").

## Warrior Creation

While characters of any race may be warriors, some races are far more
suited to be a warrior than others. Races with high
[strength](strength "wikilink") such as [Giants](Giants "wikilink"),
[Ogres](Ogres "wikilink"), [Gargoyles](Gargoyles "wikilink") and
[Orcs](Orcs "wikilink") tend to make excellent warriors. Likewise, races
with lower [strength](strength "wikilink") such as
[Elves](Elves "wikilink"), [Drow](Drow "wikilink") and
[Goblins](Goblins "wikilink") tend to make less effective warriors.
However, unlike the caster classes, the less effective races can still
function decently as warriors, they just won't hit as hard or have as
much hp. [Constitution](Constitution "wikilink") and
[Dexterity](Dexterity "wikilink") are secondary aspects to consider if
you want to maximize the effectiveness of your warrior. One final thing
to look at is each race's [racial damage
modifier](Racial_Damage_Modifier.md "wikilink"), as some races are more
inclined towards beating things into mush than others!

## Warriors at Lowmort Tier

### Training

As with all characters, [Wisdom](Wisdom "wikilink") should be trained
first to maximize practice gains per levelup. The next stat that should
be trained is [Constitution](Constitution "wikilink") in order to
maximize hit point gains per levelup, followed by
[Intelligence](Intelligence "wikilink") to make adepting your skills
cost fewer practice points. It should be noted that lowmort warriors
gain next to no mana, and even if they did they have nothing at all to
use it on with the sole exception of prayer, so if you're planning to
train all stats to max before practicing, you can leave
[Intelligence](Intelligence "wikilink") until last. Lastly,
[Strength](Strength "wikilink") and [Dexterity](Dexterity "wikilink")
define how well a warrior uses its skills, and should be trained to
their maximum values whenever possible.

### Practicing

Once your warrior has trained its stats, it is time to start practicing
skills. Unlike some of the other classes, warriors do not learn many
unimportant skills. Just about all of the skills learned at lowmort are
a vital enhancement to a warrior's abilities. Some of the first things
you should practice are [Second Attack](Second_Attack "wikilink"),
[Parry](Parry "wikilink"), [Enhanced
Damage](Enhanced_Damage "wikilink"), [Bash](Bash "wikilink") and [Shield
Block](Shield_Block "wikilink"). Generally speaking it is a good idea to
learn most skills when they become available. You can pass on
[Prayer](Prayer "wikilink"), [Bashdoor](Bashdoor "wikilink"), and
[Embed](Embed "wikilink")) and the leadership skills, but in general
most skills will be of assistance to you.

### Worshipping

Warriors, like most classes, can choose to [worship](worship "wikilink")
a deity starting at level 10. The most common deity for warriors to
worship is [Werredan](Werredan "wikilink"), because he substantially
increases the melee damage done by his worshippers and allows for better
hp gains when levelling. The majority of his downsides such as weaker
spellcasting and less effective heal spells are of no concern to
warriors. Another perk of [Werredan](Werredan "wikilink") is a 10% bonus
to experience gained, which makes levelling in general a little easier.
Alternative deities warriors could possibly benefit from worshipping
include [Tor](Tor "wikilink") and [Quixoltan](Quixoltan "wikilink").
[Tor](Tor "wikilink") doesn't really offer anything different than
[Werredan](Werredan "wikilink") other than slightly less hp gains,
increased regen speed, and no xp bonus, whereas
[Quixoltan](Quixoltan "wikilink") is generally chosen for better mana
gains, but it hurts regen quite a bit, with a large xp penalty on
death.. [Quixoltan](Quixoltan "wikilink") also doesn't increase melee
damage quite as much as [Werredan](Werredan "wikilink"). Really though,
[Werredan](Werredan "wikilink") gives the same hp as Qxl, and warriors
have very little use for mana. Unless you're experimental, just stick to
him.

### Fighting

**Soloing:**

Warriors solo quite well throughout lowmort. They have more hp than any
other createable class and can hit pretty hard as long as you keep your
hit gear up to date with your level. This can present a bit of a
challenge if the warrior is your first character, but if you have an
alternate character such as a mage, or a friend willing to get you gear,
lowmort should not present much of a challenge at all. Depending on the
hp of your warrior, stick to areas your own level or venture into areas
a little above it. Once you get to level 15 or so, begin using the
spellbots and enjoy watching the levels fly by.

**Tanking:**

Lowmort groups are few and far between, but in a group situation, a
warrior would be a prime candidate to tank due to their hp in comparison
to other classes, as well as their advantage in terms of defensive
skills. Unlike at hero where most classes have
[Parry](Parry "wikilink"), [Dodge](Dodge "wikilink") and [Shield
Block](Shield_Block "wikilink"), many classes at lowmort get only one,
or none at all. Warriors, however, get two out of 3, only lacking
[Dodge](Dodge "wikilink").

**Hitting:**

Warriors also make good hitters. With [Third
Attack](Third_Attack "wikilink") and [Enhanced
Damage](Enhanced_Damage "wikilink") practiced they can usually dish out
plenty of damage, without the restriction of mana common to caster
classes.

**Healing:**

At lowmort, warriors learn neither heal spells or [Arcane
Knowledge](Arcane_Knowledge "wikilink"), so they are flat-out incapable
of healing, forced to rely on group mates or quaffing
[potions](:Category:Potions.md "wikilink").

## Warrior Prestige Options

Warriors can [prestige](:Category:Prestige_Classes.md "wikilink") to
[bodyguards](:Category:Bodyguards.md "wikilink") or
[rippers](:Category:Rippers.md "wikilink") at level 50.

## Warriors at Hero Tier

Warriors usually serve as hitters at hero. They don't hit as
consistently or as well as archers but can do a decent amount of damage.
They also get a lot of hp and are helpful in rescuing smaller
groupmates.

### Training

### Practicing

Arcane knowldege, read magic, sneak, move hidden, cure blindness, cure
poison, cure disesase, protection evil, sanctuary, frenzy, portal, water
breathing and fly are useful spells/skills to practice.

### Devoting

Most warriors devote to whatever deity they're worshipping. The most
common choice is Werredan, devoting to which will improve your hp gains.

### Fighting

**Soloing:** It's possible but slow to solo a warrior.

**Tanking:** Warriors can tank very well since they get in-class rescue
as well as dodge/parry/shield block. At higher levels, since they get
lots of hp, they can tank in hit gear.

**Hitting:** Till hero 250, it's usually better to use 2 weapons to hit.
After 250+ a double hitting weapon is best. Some races (gia, due, dwf)
get racial-powerswing. For them, a two-handed weapon might be better.

## Warriors at Lord Tier

Warriors are mainly tanks at the Lord Tier, but are expected to have
both hit gear, to help with damage at times, and mana gear, to help
themselves. They tend to get hit more than monks, but they also tend to
have significantly more HP.

## Warrior Remort Options

Warriors at [lord](:Category:Lord.md "wikilink")
[tier](:Category:_Tiers.md "wikilink") may
[remort](Remort.md "wikilink") into
[paladins](:Category:_Paladins.md "wikilink") or
[berserkers](:Category:_Berserkers.md "wikilink"). See [Remort
classes](:Category:Remort_Classes.md "wikilink") for information on the
requirements for each of these classes.

[Remort races](:Category:_Remort_Races.md "wikilink") that are
well-suited for warriorliness include [ trolls](Trolls.md "wikilink"),
[dragons](Dragons.md "wikilink"), [ griffons](Griffons.md "wikilink"), [
minotaurs](Minotaurs.md "wikilink") and [ golems](Golems.md "wikilink").
See [Remort Races](:Category:Remort_Races.md "wikilink") for information
on the requirements for each of these races.

[Category: Core Classes](Category:_Core_Classes "wikilink")
