A home for [mobs](:Category:_Mobs.md "wikilink"),
[areas](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink"),
[items](:Category:_Objects.md "wikilink"), and
[skills](:Category:_Skills_And_Spells.md "wikilink") that have moved on
to the big MUD in the sky.

We won't forget you, grandfathered stuff!

*"In my day, we could energy drain creatures to get our hitpoints up to
32,000! Then we'd go and get the Ring of 36 Chambers. Mmm... ring..."*

*Due to the time AVATAR has been up and running, code and
[area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") changes have continually gone in
new directions, been added and removed. Gf'd
[gear](:Category:_Grandfathered_Gear.md "wikilink"),
[spells](:Category:_Grandfathered_Skills_And_Spells.md "wikilink"), and
[classes](:Category:_Grandfathered_Classes.md "wikilink") are things
which the staff decided should no longer be within the game. Rather than
remove them completely, however, in many cases AVATAR allowed those who
already have the [item](:Category:_Objects.md "wikilink"),
[spell](:Category:_Spells.md "wikilink"), or
[class](:Category:_Classes.md "wikilink"), to continue using them. The
staff simply makes the code no longer available for future players.
There are cases in which the [object](:Category:_Objects.md "wikilink")
or code cannot be gf'd due to how abusive they are. This is a tough
choice to completely remove the use, but the coders try to be as fair as
possible in all cases.*

[Category: Miscellaneous](Category:_Miscellaneous "wikilink")
