*When the first settlers of the North arrived at the site that would
become [Icewolf](:Category:_Icewolf "wikilink"), the barren tundra was
blasted by powerful howling winds. The hunters chased the winds back to
a narrow valley, where their howling was nearly deafening. The shamans
knew their people couldn't settle the planes while these winds continued
unabated, so they cast powerful spells to entrap the winds in icy
prisons.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Pulse

This [area](:Category:_Areas "wikilink") was added in 2006 Jan.

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 19n, 3w, 5n, d, 3n, w,
n, w, 3n, u, 2n, e, 3n, w, n, w, 12n, w, n.

Walking route from [Big Fish](Big_Fish_In_Cold_Water "wikilink"): n, w,
n.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [jagged
ice](jagged_ice "wikilink"), [large ice](large_ice "wikilink"), [tall
ice](tall_ice "wikilink") (not all work).

## Connections

-   [Icewolf](:Category:Icewolf "wikilink")

## Navigation

The area is cursed once one enters the room labeled "Within in the gloom
of a frozen valley". It is a pretty simple N/S orientated area and only
about three rooms wide.

## Adventuring

Many of the mobs in this area will spawn much higher level enemies when
defeated. Mobs who spawn in this fashion tend to provide very good
experience when defeated. One noteworthy mob of this type is the [mother
of storms](Mother_Of_Storms "wikilink"), a high level mob that casts
[Detonate](Detonate "wikilink"). Also, watch out for the [lightning
tempest](Lightning_Tempest "wikilink"), a mob who casts
[Flash](Flash "wikilink"). Most, if not all, of the spawned mobs aggie,
though a lot do not detect invis. (The spawned mobs who do detect invis
are mother of storms, a miniature whirlwind, a howling storm force, and
lightning tempest.) These mobs target their spells as well as area
spell. Several of the higher level mobs drop gemstones upon their death.
The largest gemstone found is a diamond from the mother of storms. At
least one of the higher end mobs in the northern part of the area casts
[Unrest](Unrest "wikilink"), which, without a priest, is one of the most
frustrating spells to deal with, given its effects and long duration. Be
careful.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
