*This desolate region, once a lush and verdant world, was lost to time
and history millenia ago. It's beautiful countryside and forests of ash
and yew were annihilated during a conflict of unknown origin. Now, all
that is left is ash and char. The once great world, naught but a tomb
for those who live here.*

*In recent years, the ascendance of the Pain Elementals under the Fae
witch Lishtraka has been cause for concern. That she exists in this time
and place can only be the result of Noctopia's resurrection and
reemergence. Perhaps now the gateway to this wasteland can also be found
anew. Perhaps now a race will rise to challenge Lishtraka and her vile
creations.*

## Lord 1 Firedrake Quest

The only reason you will be here is for the Lord 1 Firedrake Evolution
quest. Suggested group size is 12-15. Small casters will splat easily on
the boss' inferno spell. Recommend bringing an imp to suffocate. There
are three things you need to do to complete this evolution quest
successfully.

1.  Start the quest by talking to Daxtraul, who is in a private room. He
    should give you a shattering orb after a lengthy mobprog.
2.  Find and kill Lezvaxush two/three times to get more shattering orbs.
    You need 3 total.
3.  Find your way to the citadel and kill the quest mob.

To get here, shift to Earthrealm and head e2n, then enter gateway. This
will take you to the beginning of Soulchar Desolation.

From the entrance, head dwnw to get to Daxtraul. From here, head back
ese to get back into the main area. This area is a random maze that
resets on repop, so you may need to navigate it multiple times. Drop a
coin in the first room to help you navigate it like other mazes. You are
looking for a scan that shows "gibbering fiends." Head that direction
when you find it, then head 2d to kill Lezvaxush. You will need to camp
him for one repop in order to get 3 shattering orbs. If for some reason
you missed out on the first one, you'll have to camp him 3 times.

After you have 3 shattering orbs, make your way 2u and back out into the
maze. Wander around, looking for a scan that yields "Citadel Guardians"
on scan. Head that way to enter the citadel. Your final destination is
the locked down you will immediately see when you enter, but you first
need to spawn the key by killing all the Citadel Guardian mobs in the
2x2 library that is directly upstairs above the locked down door. Once
you spawn the key(As the golem dies it knocks over a large pile of
books, revealing a tiny key underneath.) you will probably want to try
and regen a bit before the boss.

Once you are regen'd, unlock down and go down to talk to the mob. Room
initially nospell, but will become spellable once orbs given. He will
mobprog and talk about some stuff, after which the firedrake will need
to give him 3 shattering orbs (He will babble randomly after each one).
Once the third orb is given to him, he will attack you. He can cast
inferno, which can hit ERAD or so at the top end. This will kill your
small casters immediately if you are unlucky. You probably want to bring
beefier casters if possible. Alternatively, bring a LsE and suffocate
him to remove the problem.

I don't think you need to go back to Daxtraul to finish the quest, just
go back to Mid and evolve. Also note that the 3 orbs do not get consumed
and you will loot them upon killing the boss, so if you are nice you can
give them to someone you think will be around the game for a long long
time to use the next time someone wants to do this quest, so they don't
need to camp Lezvaxush.

Final note is that I vaguely remember some rooms being noregen; if you
find these, please add them. You dont need to talk to Daxtraul, go
straight to final room. After you get the item, "a blood crystal", to
Ashoreus, you can evolve.

[Category:Lord Areas](Category:Lord_Areas "wikilink") [Category:World Of
Stone](Category:World_Of_Stone "wikilink")
[Category:Incomplete](Category:Incomplete "wikilink")
