Recommended group size: around 20 (run is known as Tialoc)

Shift to [Tarterus](:Category:Tarterus.md "wikilink") and go w 2u 2n.
This will put you in a courtyard with towers to the east, west, and
north. The gear that you're seeking is in the tower to the north, but
you'll need to collect the [Tooled Bone](Tooled_Bone "wikilink") and
[Black Marble Key](Black_Marble_Key "wikilink") first (if you don't have
them already).

The [Tooled Bone](Tooled_Bone "wikilink") is on [Rastar The
Injestor](Rastar_The_Injestor "wikilink"), who waits atop the tower to
the east, who shows up as a "Huge winged demon picks at something caught
between his teeth" on scan.

The [Black Marble Key](Black_Marble_Key "wikilink") is held by
[Oblivion](Oblivion "wikilink") atop the west tower. The first room of
the west tower is nospell, so it may be a good idea to speedwalk past it
(from the Courtyard, w u). On scan [Oblivion](Oblivion "wikilink") shows
up as a "A vision of the end of the world drives you to your knees".

After you retrieve each key going down will bring you back to the
courtyard between the three towers.

Both the east and west tower are entirely linear, so you don't really
have to worry about taking a wrong turn. All three towers are incredibly
swarmy, so it's important to have attentive tanks to keep the casters
from splatting.

Once you have both keys you can enter the Twisted Tower to the north.
This tower is just as swarmy (if not worse) than the previous two, but
unlike the others this one is a maze. After going north to enter this
tower go <b>eswsue</b> to make it through the maze. At this point you'll
be in a room with a locked door above you. Behind that door is [Tialoc
The Archfiend](Tialoc_The_Archfiend "wikilink"), who has the [Ring Of
Higher Power](Ring_Of_Higher_Power "wikilink") and the [Lord's Head
Chalice](Lord's_Head_Chalice "wikilink"). If you clear the gear room
successfully and want to camp it, the room west of
[Tialoc](Tialoc_The_Archfiend.md "wikilink") is your safest option.

[Category:Ascension](Category:Ascension "wikilink")
