*Deep in the darkest forests lies a place so evil the few travellers
that visit these parts circle around it and only refer to it as 'The
Dark Castle'. Not only in reference to its black walls but more to the
necromancing that is practiced there. The lord of the Dark Castle is a
wicked [wizard](:Category:_Wizards "wikilink") who sold his soul in
exchange for supernatural powers. He wishes to conquer the world and use
it for his own twisted and warped experiments. Already he has gathered a
large mercenary army but also he is using the aid of the Demon realm to
accomplish his evil schemes.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Kariya

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 16e, \[e\], 2e, n, 2e,
3s, 3e, 3n, 2w, 3n, w, n, e, n, e, 3n, 2e, 2s, 3e, 2s, 2e, 3s, 3e, n,
2e, n, e, 2n, w, n.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [tall
sentry](Tall_Sentry "wikilink").

## Connections

## Navigation

## Adventuring

This area is suitable for low [heroes](:Category:_Hero "wikilink");
however, the relatively small number of
[mobs](:Category:_Mobs "wikilink") make it more suitable for duos than
large groups.

Portalling [merc cap](Mercenary_Captain "wikilink") will either take you
to outside the castle, or on the second floor (depending on which
repopped last). Presuming you ended up outside (the non-sanced one),
there will be wandering mercenaries that will
[flee](Wimpy_Mobs "wikilink") and [assist](Assistive_Mobs "wikilink").
The captain has a wield, but he's not too tough. South from the captain
will be a paper; that's your ticket to get inside the castle. Give it to
the [castle guard](Castle_Guard "wikilink") south and west to get the
key; the door is east. Farther south will take you to
[Wildwood](:Category:_Wildwood "wikilink") and out of the area.

Inside the castle you'll find some roaming shadowbeasts: they have a
high [wimpy](Wimpy "wikilink") and [will
aggy](Aggressive_Mobs "wikilink") non-hidden. The east end of the hall
carries a passageway up into the tower, and south from the middle of the
hall will take you down to the torturers.

The second floor has a hidden door north; going north will take you to
the second set of mercs. The mercs in here act just like the ones
outside; the sanced one is only more difficult because of sanc. Two
north from the entrance has more hidden doors east and west; the sleepy
man room is [private](Private_Rooms "wikilink"), but the guards are easy
non-assisting [exp](Experience_Points "wikilink").

Going to the top of the tower and following the north path will take you
to another shadowbeast, and a suit of armor (also an easy mob). Along
the way there will be hidden doors east/west with two [black
aura](Black_Aura "wikilink")'d sanced mobs of similar difficulty.
Farther north and down will eventually take you to Killl'gher and many
mean mobs that will kill you if you wander in by accident.

Back down the tower and in the basement are where the torturers and
prisoners are held; travel east and look for hidden north/south doors.
The torturers [will aggy](Aggressive_Mobs "wikilink"), and their
wields/[plague](Plague "wikilink") can be a pain in the neck. The
prisoners are easy to kill and give very low
[exp](Experience_Points "wikilink"). All the way to the end of the hall
is another pair of guards in a hidden room north, and another prisoner
behind the locked door east.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
