*This forest, once a bustle, thriving community of huge trees that
soared high into the sky, has now been reduced to rubble on its eastern
edge, while erosion is eating away at the cliff-face to the south.
Enclosed by the [great wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink")
and the path that leads from the large gate into
[Wildwood](:Category:_Wildwood "wikilink") on the other sides it is the
sorry remainder of magnificence, of the old time when this area was one
of best hunting grounds in all of Midgaardia. The
[druids](:Category:_Druids "wikilink") and
[rangers](:Category:_Rangers "wikilink") that roam these forests dream
of it - unless the recently developing new thread is filling their
slumber with nightmares.*

**Level Range:** 35-40

**Builder:** [Zahri](User:AlexyAnna "wikilink")

This [area](:Category:_Areas "wikilink") was added in 2005 Dec.

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 16e, \[e\], 2e, n, 2e,
3s, w.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [white
druid](White_Haired_Druid "wikilink").

## Connections

Shadow Forest lies to the south of the
[Wildwood](:Category:_Wildwood "wikilink") slightly east and south of
[great wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink").

Shadow Forest provides a walking route to [Transfigured
Forest](:Category:_Transfigured_Forest "wikilink") along its eastern
edge.

Shadow Forest is also connected to the [The Sea of Strayed
Hopes](:Category:_Sea_Of_Strayed_Hopes "wikilink") in the south.

## Navigation

Shadow Forest is a sprawling area with the main forest south and west of
the entrance. The eastern edge of the forest consists of rooms with
rocks and boulders and contains a number of down exits that don't always
take you to a different level and some one way exits that combine to
create some messy but not terribly difficult mapping. The southern edge
consists of a loop along the cliffs above the ocean.

## Adventuring

The main area of the forest should be a reasonable area for groups to
adventure for experience. There are numerous animal mobs, some of which
are aggie, that provide reasonable experience without armor or weapons.
Druids and Rangers also populate the forest but some of them are armed
with crossbows making them tougher foes. The rocks to the east are
tougher, with few mobs that tend to be more difficult and aggie. The
Eagles to the south make the loop a worthwhile trip. There are a couple
of pieces of interesting gear in the area and each of the different
parts has a role in the two quests to make the Shadow Forest an
interesting area to explore for experience or questing.

[Category: Lowmort 31-40
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_31-40_Areas "wikilink")
