*Said to be used by pirates, this fertile island is usually avoided by
merchant vessels. Lately rumors have been spreading that even the
pirates are now avoiding it but no reason has been forthcoming from any
of those sources.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Jaromil

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 35s, 6e, s, 2e, n, e, n
(note: crosses [water terrain](Water_Terrain "wikilink")).

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [an Ohia Lehua
tree](Ohia_Lehua_Tree "wikilink") (warning:
[aggressive](Aggressive_Mobs "wikilink")). There are two Ohia Lehua
trees, one of which is in a cursed room. So you might need to use
2.lehua.

Alternatively, portal to [little crab](Little_Crab "wikilink") and go s,
e, n, e, n.

## Connections

-   [ Sea Of Strayed Hopes](:Category:_Sea_Of_Strayed_Hopes "wikilink")
-   [ Sem Vida](:Category:_Sem_Vida "wikilink")

## Navigation

The area is roughly rectangular and mostly cursed. There is a shack 2e
from the uncursed ohia lehua tree, which contains more mobs (enter shack
to get inside). There is also a down exit which leads to [ Sem
Vida](:Category:_Sem_Vida "wikilink").

## Adventuring

This area is a big area full of nasty aggie mobs but also offers
incredibly rewarding xp.

It consists of two types of mobs, plants and geckos. The geckos are
non-aggie, wimpy and low xp. The plants are big and aggressive. Many of
the mobs here have protection, so you won't hit well. Most of the mobs
wander and the area can be very swarmy. Many plants cast spells and some
wield. There are also a couple of invis stabbing vines, which also wield
and can stab for over 3k hp. One problem with this area is that is it is
relatively small, which means that you cannot do a full run here.

Overall, you need a group with many biggish hitters, but it can be very
good xp.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
