*Long ago, in the city of Keresh, there existed an order of
[clerics](:Category:_Clerics "wikilink") known as Paeans, endowed with
incredible healing powers. Recently, the order has resurfaced,
restructured around [Tul-Sith](Tul-Sith "wikilink"), and simply calling
themselves 'Priests.*'

*Priests learn some very powerful healing and curative spells, but are
dedicated to their paths of peace and honesty, and so never learn attack
spells, or most [warrior](:Category:_Warriors "wikilink") or
[rogue](:Category:_Rogues "wikilink") skills. They are less
item-oriented than [Clerics](:Category:_Clerics "wikilink"), and so do
not learn many item-oriented abilities, or learn them later.*

*Their [Prime statistic](Prime_Requisite "wikilink") is
[Wisdom](Wisdom "wikilink"). Priest trainers will not teach the Holy
Disciplines to anyone who is not [worshipping](Worship "wikilink")
[Tul-Sith](Tul-Sith "wikilink"), and Priests must maintain a high
[alignment](Alignment "wikilink") for these spells to work their best.*

**Abbreviation:** Prs.

**[Prime Requisite](Prime_Requisite "wikilink"):**
[Wisdom](Wisdom "wikilink").

## Priests in General

Priests attain extremely powerful healing spells, with very few
offensive spells, even those only target the demonic or undead. They
work well with those of high alignment and shun all who hold evil
tendencies.

Priests forgo learning the [Awen](Awen "wikilink") macro and instead
learn [Aegis](Aegis "wikilink"), allowing the casting of Sanctuary and
Frenzy to be separated - and in turn they can fully spell up other
players regardless of their alignment.

Priests receive relatively little HP but a high mana, making their gains
similar to other "specialist" classes like
[Sorcerers](:Category:Sorcerers "wikilink") or
[Wizards](:Category:Wizards "wikilink"). This is more noticeable (and
relevant) at Lord tier where they can sustain and keep alive large
parties with relative ease due to very high mana pools.

## Priest Creation

A Priest may be created only through the [Remort](Remort "wikilink")
command with a lord character with the Cleric, Druid, or Monk class. To
become a human priest, the required levels are 100, 150, and 150
respectively where as to keep one's current race, the required Lord
Sublevels become 200, 300, and 300 respectively.

Most people become priests through the cleric route. Races which make
good spellcasters will also make good priests, in particular, drow, elf,
centaur. Good remort races are tua, hie, spr.

It is now possible to become a priest using the
[Rebirth](Rebirth "wikilink") command if the player is already a
[remort](remort "wikilink") class and has attained Hero 501 or higher,
regardless of what the remort class may be.

## Priests at Lowmort Tier

Keep in mind that if you learn [Via Pax](Via_Pax "wikilink") you cannot
initiate combat. So most people put off learning it till hero or lord.
Otherwise, offensive capabilities at lowmort tier are very limited (the
single offensive spell is [Dispel Evil](Dispel_Evil "wikilink") which
works only on evil creatures and does low damage), so getting to hero
might take a while.

### Training

A Priest's prime statistic is [Wisdom](Wisdom "wikilink"), and should be
trained upon creation. This should be followed up by maxing out one's
[Intelligence](Intelligence "wikilink"), which will allow for higher
mana gains as you progress through levels.

### Practicing

See: [Paean](Paean "wikilink"). Most of the Priest class definers will
require [Via Pax](Via_Pax "wikilink"), but it is suggested that you do
not practice them at Lowmort tier. Other spells and skills are
practicable without issues.

### Worshipping

Priest trainers will not teach the Holy Disciplines to anyone who is not
worshipping Tul-Sith, and Priests must maintain a high alignment for
these spells to work their best.

If you plan to heal mostly, then Tul-Sith or Kra are good choices.
Priests planning to tank mostly may look at other choices as well like
Quixoltan, Kra and Shizaga for good gains.

### Fighting

**Soloing:**

Soloing is only possible for any priest who has adepted the [Via
Pax](Via_Pax "wikilink") ability if they: a) choose areas with
aggressive npcs, and b) have a freshly-charged shield and one of the
class-defining offensive spells (white fire or white light - both
effective only against undead or demonic enemies).

**Tanking:**

See above. The rescue skill is only available at Lord, and is not
in-class, so this role is generally not practical for priests.

**Hitting:**

Priests hit poorly. Like sorcerers and wizards, they should be doing
other things.

**Healing:**

This is where priests shine, naturally. Whether healing self or party
members, this is their preferable role.

## Priest Prestige Options

None.

## Preists at Hero Tier

The main decision you need to make is whether to practice [Via
Pax](Via_Pax "wikilink") or not. If you plan to tank, it's almost
certainly better to defer practicing it till lord. If you plan to solo
or heal, you can practice it at hero (or earlier). Keep in mind that you
need to worship Tul-Sith to practice your priest class-definers.

### Training

Same as Lowmort.

### Practicing

At Hero 101 priests finally get the ability to solo - if this interests
you, you can choose to get Via Pax here, together with the White Light
and other spells.

### Devoting

Unless you are worshiping [Quixoltan](Quixoltan "wikilink") or
[Tul-Sith](Tul-Sith "wikilink"), devoting will not bring significant
bonuses, and will make later deity switching more costly.

### Fighting

**Soloing:**

You can solo using the [White Light](White_Light "wikilink") spell in
certain undead areas. Keep in mind that White Light does damage
comparable to [Acid Rain](Acid_Rain "wikilink") but priests can not
[surge](Surge "wikilink") until lord. Also, it has a very high lag -
nominally 10 seconds. If you prefer to solo your way to Lord then
consider switching worship to Quixoltan or Shizaga after you practice
this.

Some of the viable areas for solo are:

-   [Necromancer's Tower](:Category:Necromancer's_Tower "wikilink") -
    cooling corpse rooms (3 rooms) as well as hallways can contain
    multiple mobs - this is easiest option.
-   [Ruined Lairs](:Category:Ruined_Lairs "wikilink") - all undead mobs,
    relatively good AC is advised, but more xp than Necromancer's Tower.
-   [Shadow Keep](:Category:Shadow_Keep "wikilink") - rotting corpses as
    well as some other mobs, but they flee.
-   [Graves of Reveria](:Category:Graves_Of_Reveria "wikilink") - some
    of the mobs are undead, keep in mind area is very aggie with
    non-dead mobs as well and much more difficult.
-   [Sun God Altar](:Category:Sun_God_Altar "wikilink") - the undead
    corrals are similar (maybe tougher) to Ruined Lairs, but you will
    need to self-spell on [Eragora](:Category:Eragora "wikilink"). Not
    advised until superhero.

**Tanking:**

Without [Via Pax](Via_Pax "wikilink") tanking is same to any other
class, minus rescue. Bring a large rescuer to grab groupies.

**Hitting:**

Priests do not hit, their melee damage is very bad.

**Healing:**

Healing comes naturally to priests, and is their preferable role.

## Priests at Lord Tier

Priests are very powerful and useful at lord. Once they reach level 25
and learn the [mantra](mantra "wikilink") skill, they can preach any
single target spell to the whole group. They get various powerful
healing and utility spells which make them a good addition to almost any
lord group. Also they get much more mana than clerics/druids and can
thus heal much longer and effectively. Keep in mind that healing
effectiveness is halved for evil characters.

Useful utility spells (which are learnable at lower tiers, but are much
more useful at lord) are [clarify](clarify "wikilink"),
[innocence](innocence "wikilink") and
[intervention](intervention "wikilink").

## Priest Remort Options

Priests can remort race only. Good remort races are
[Tuataurs](Tuataurs "wikilink"), [High Elves](High_Elves "wikilink") and
[Sprites](Sprites "wikilink"). Note that the low hp for sprites is not a
big problem for priests, since it is usually taken care of by the
[intervention](intervention "wikilink") spell.

[Category: Remort Classes](Category:_Remort_Classes "wikilink")
