Yes, offhand, the [Statistic Gear](:Category:_Statistic_Gear "wikilink")
category makes this [Level Gear](:Category:_Level_Gear "wikilink")
category a bit redundant. However...

People talk about "[level gear](:Category:_Level_Gear "wikilink")" all
the time on the MUD. When they come here, I think that they ought to be
able to find a page or category entitled "[level
gear](:Category:_Level_Gear "wikilink")." Nobody would think to look for
"[statistic gear](:Category:_Statistic_Gear "wikilink")" offhand.

However, [str gear](:Category:_Str_Gear "wikilink") and [dex
gear](:Category:_Dex_Gear "wikilink") are definitely not considered
"level gear" and I thought that it would be techincally inaccurate to
include them under this category; however, I thought that all five
deserved to be in a single category, which is why I put all five under
[Statistic Gear](:Category:_Statistic_Gear "wikilink").

So, I thought that a little redundancy would be advantageous in this
case. What do you think?

--[Dave Garber](User:DaveGarber1975 "wikilink") 01:47, 7 February 2007
(CST)

In any case, it's awfully dang easy to change and change back again with
these Templates. I love 'em! Three cheers for MooNFisH!!! --[Dave
Garber](User:DaveGarber1975 "wikilink") 02:00, 7 February 2007 (CST)

  
Ok, how about this? Level Gear as a subcategory of Statistic gear. A
link from the template to [Stat & Level
Gear](:Category:Statistic_Gear "wikilink"). In there, the subcategory
Level Gear shoud be clearly visible. But it's pointless to link to both
Stat and Level gear separately from the template.
--[Llanor](User:MooNFisH "wikilink") 05:09, 7 February 2007 (CST)

<!-- -->

  
  
I favor putting these categories in parallel as they are, rather than
putting one category underneath the other category. But, that's my
personal preference and I may be a bit crazy. Waite and I (poor Waite!
\*lol\*) had a similar difference of opinion about the Spellcasting Gear
category. Click [here](:Category_talk:_Spellcasting_Gear "wikilink") to
see our discussion. --[Dave Garber](User:DaveGarber1975 "wikilink")
15:28, 7 February 2007 (CST)

<!-- -->

  
  
I played around with it this way for a bit and, to me, it doesn't seem
like an improvement in how things are organized. Ummm, I feel kinda bad
for doing this but will it drive you nuts if I change it back again?
\*crosses fingers\* --[Dave Garber](User:DaveGarber1975 "wikilink")
16:09, 7 February 2007 (CST)

<!-- -->

  
  
It woudln't, but next time if something hasn't been consented we'd best
just discuss first, instead of change first. Or not?
--[Llanor](User:MooNFisH "wikilink") 18:37, 7 February 2007 (CST)
