*The [half-elf](Half-Elves.md "wikilink")
[Chalmus](Chalmus_The_Alchemist.md "wikilink") is one of the most highly
respected alchemists in all of Midgaardia. Or at least he was until
recently. After his shipments to the apothecary suddenly ceased, some
concerned adventurers trekked out to his estate hidden in the [Elven
Foothills](:Category:Elven_Foothills.md "wikilink"), near [Lloth's
Peak](:Category:Lloth's_Peak.md "wikilink") to see if anything was
amiss. When they returned, they told tales of
[Chalmus](Chalmus_The_Alchemist.md "wikilink")' twisted experiments
ruling the grounds. It is unclear if the good magician still lives.*

**Level Range:** 20-25

**Builder:** [Waite](User:_Waite.md "wikilink")

This [area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") was created for an
[area-building contest](Area-Building_Contests.md "wikilink") in 2005.  
This [area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") was added in 2006 Mar.  

## Directions

Walking route from [Sol](Sol.md "wikilink"): 3e, 2n, 3e, 9n, w, s, u, s,
w, s, 2w, u, 2e.

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 14n, 8w, 3n, 6w, 4n,
w, s, u, s, w, s, 2w, u, 2e.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[higgins](Butler_Higgins.md "wikilink").

## Connections

Chalmus' estate is located in the [ Elven
Foothills](:Category:_Elven_Foothills.md "wikilink"), near the entrance
to [ Lloth's Peak](:Category:_Lloth's_Peak.md "wikilink")

## Navigation

You'll need to find a [key](Key_To_The_Second_Floor.md "wikilink") to
access the second floor, or use bashdoor but that's less fun.

## Adventuring

One of the lowmort building contest areas, designed by AvatarWiki's own
[Waite](User:Waite.md "wikilink"). [Waite](User:Waite.md "wikilink")
tried hard to make this area enjoyable for different types of players to
enjoy. This area was definitely written with a specific plot in mind,
and because of that there are some interesting [Ticket
Quests](:Category:Ticket_Quests.md "wikilink") to unravel. If you're not
interested in that, you should still be able to find plenty of mobs in
the level 20-25 range to kill and gain exp from in this area.

[Category: Lowmort 11-20
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink") [Category: Lowmort
21-30 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_21-30_Areas "wikilink")
