*In the words of Thrull, "Wizards are what all
[Mages](:Category:_Mages.md "wikilink") should have been." Wizards are
mystically stronger than [Mages](:Category:_Mages.md "wikilink"), but
physically weaker. They get more mana and their spells are more
effective, but they also get lower hp gains and are, at best,
unimpressive in melee combat. They can also learn some very rare spells
by researching them from obscure
[spellbooks](:Category:_Spellbooks.md "wikilink"). These spells are not
listed on their [skill
lists](:Category:_Wizard_Skills_And_Spells.md "wikilink").*

*Like all [Prestige Classes](:Category:_Prestige_Classes.md "wikilink"),
they retain the original class's [Prime
Requisite](Prime_Requisite.md "wikilink"), in this case,
[Intelligence](Intelligence.md "wikilink"). Wizards cannot become
[Sorcerors](:Category:_Sorcerers.md "wikilink"). They disdain what they
see as the [Sorceror](:Category:_Sorcerers.md "wikilink")'s crutch-like
dependence on the Dark Powers.*

*Wizard trainers can sometimes be found researching lost tomes in musty
libraries.*

*Requirements:  
*\* level 50 Mage  
*\* wise  
*\* arcane might  
''\* complete a research task

**Abbreviation:** Wzd.

**[Base Class](:Category:_Core_Classes.md "wikilink"):**
[Mage](:Category:_Mages.md "wikilink").

**[Prime Requisite](Prime_Requisite.md "wikilink"):**
[Intelligence](Intelligence.md "wikilink").

## Wizards in General

Wizards bear a number of similarities to their root class -
[Mages](:Category:_Mages.md "wikilink") - in their skill sets and
spellcasting-oriented mode of playing. As their help file indicates,
Wizards receive higher average mana gains and lower hit point gains than
Mages or [Stormlords](:Category:Stormlords.md "wikilink"). They can also
learn the [flash](Flash.md "wikilink") spell through a Hero-level
[spellbook](:Category:Spellbooks.md "wikilink") designed for the
purpose, but will experience greater spell lag as a result of the spell
being innate to the Sorcerer class. They also lose access to the
majority of psionic spells available to Mages and Stormlords - notably
[fortitudes](fortitudes "wikilink") and the Bio Empathy skill - and
their hlist (the list of their learnable spells/skills at hero) is
considerably more specialized and streamlined than the comprehensive
package available to Mages.

At the Lord tier, Wizards are a great asset to any group except those
planning a gear run that is primarily or exclusively anti-magic (such as
the Zarradyn's Gauntlets run in Arcadia, or parts of the Bodice run in
Noctopia). Their high-impact area spell - which they share with Mages -
combined with their high mana pools (averaging 23,000 to 27,000 at the
time of morph) and specialty spells (such as [Wall Of
Thorns](Wall_Of_Thorns "wikilink") and [Barkskin](Barkskin "wikilink"))
make them ideal for gear runs involving multiple enemies, particularly
of the large variety. However, from the standpoint of tanking, they are
of no use to any group due to their relatively low HP pools and most
crucially the absence of the rescue skill. Also due to these
limitations, Wizards are more likely to die from painful area spells or
sudden swarms, which can make their ability to lead groups more
challenging. Mages, by contrast, are considerably sturdier, and can
rescue weaker groupmates during emergencies. Moreover, unlike all other
classes, a Mage's shield will never fail to discharge if hit by an
opponent, which is a considerable asset at the Hero tier.

Overall, Wizards are a medium-difficulty class that offer an easier
alternative to Sorcerers - who cannot cast the sanctuary spell on
themselves, cast a meaningful area-attack spell, heal themselves (or
others), or benefit from the protection evil spell - while retaining a
cachet of firepower for the Hero, Lord, and Legend tiers.

## Wizard Creation

The wizard trainer, [Threnadir](Threnadir "wikilink"), mentions rather
clearly that wisdom is an important factor of becoming a wizard.

**Races need at least a base of 19 [wisdom](wisdom "wikilink") to become
a wizard. Races with sufficient wisdom: [Ents](Ent.md "wikilink"),
[Gnomes](Gnome.md "wikilink"), [Deep Gnomes](Deep_Gnome.md "wikilink"),
[Centaurs](Centaur.md "wikilink"), [Tuataurs](Tuataur.md "wikilink"),
[Griffons](Griffon.md "wikilink") and [High
Elves](High_Elf.md "wikilink").** With the [Rebirth](Rebirth "wikilink")
command, any race can now play this class provided they were already
wizards with a remort race prior to rebirth. Alternatively, one can also
remort to any creatable race at Lord level 25 without being a remort
race to begin with (as would be required with the rebirth option).

`EXCEPTIONS: You can not rebirth to ENT, FDK, GOL, HIE, HOB, HUM, LSI or MIR. Only TUA can rebirth to DRG.`

There is also a quest involved to become a wizard (See: [Book Of
Exorcism](Book_Of_Exorcism "wikilink"))

If your Wisdom is too low, Threnadir will say 'You lack the wisdom. You
will never be a Wizard. \*tsk tsk\*' Note: I attempted this at hero 1 as
a Gnome Mage and received this message. After training my Wis to 21 and
trying again, it worked.

If Threnadir says 'You would make a poor Wizard with such paltry arcane
might.', you might need more mana. Wearing [mana
gear](:Category:Lowmort_41-50_Mana_Gear.md "wikilink") will help out.
507 mana appeared to be enough on one occasion.

To actually become a wizard, you need to be at Threnadir and use the
[Prestige](Prestige "wikilink") command.

## Wizards at Hero Tier

### Training

The usual rules of training stats apply: WIS first, then INT and CON.
DEX is of value in improving your AC, whereas STR is of marginal use.

### Practicing

Wizards get to practice a repertoire of spells very similar to mages
(disintegrate, acid rain, mystical barrier, charge shield, ward,
amplify). However, wizards do have access to
[acumen](Acumen.md "wikilink"), and (much less importantly)
[Timewarp](Timewarp "wikilink"), which can be used as a poor man's
[ablution](Ablution.md "wikilink").

[Flash](Flash "wikilink") and [Rune](Rune "wikilink") can be learned
from [spellbooks](:Category:Spellbooks.md "wikilink") at hero tier, and
this selection of (special) spells can be further expanded at lord tier.
Although out-of-class for wizards, [Flash](Flash "wikilink") is one of
their trademark spells, and helps greatly when battling large rooms
using area spells.

Notable hero skills and spells that wizards do not receive are psionic
spells not exclusive to psi/mnd/bci (fortitudes, iron skin, etc.) as
well as: sneak, move hidden, heighten senses, trip, parry, enhanced
damage, rescue, time skip, bash, bashdoor, dodge\*, third attack\*,
track, keyfinder.

\* Wizards get these at lord tier, though by that time it's likely not
relevant any more.

### Worship

See [mages](:Category:Mages#Worshipping.md "wikilink"). Identical
applies to wizards for both worship and devotion.

Of note is that [Flash](Flash "wikilink") if out-of-class for wizards,
and thus it's lag is twice as long as it is for
[Sorcerers](:Category:Sorcerers.md "wikilink"). For it to be practical
and useful against large rooms, it should also be fast. Atheist lag is
10 ticks, Shizaga decreases the lag to 8 ticks, and Quixoltan will
increase the lag to 11 ticks (nearly 3 rounds) so its usability will
suffer. For this reason it's common to have an alias that turns on
quicken, casts flash, and turns off quicken. However, some races
(tuataurs, dragons, ents, etc.) have more hp and racial armor, and thus
have less need for flash – and they can afford the increased lag if they
flash at all.

### Fighting

**Soloing:** While difficult at first due to small HP gains, wizards are
at their heart, solo creatures. Since wizards get shield block, having a
charged shield is quite handy. Unlike mages, stormlords and sorcerers,
wizards do not get dodge or parry, thus making a charged shield even
more important.

These are some of the popular areas for wizard solo play, with the
harder areas being both more difficult, as well as more rewarding.

-   Low Hero: [Shadow Keep](:Category:Shadow_Keep.md "wikilink"),
    [Tortuga Cay](:Category:Tortuga_Cay.md "wikilink"). These areas are
    simple, mobs are relatively easy, and can be brought down quickly
    using [Surge](Surge "wikilink").
-   Hero: [Necromancer's
    Tower](:Category:Necromancer's_Tower.md "wikilink"), [Ruined Lair 3
    Of 5](:Category:Ruined_Lair_3_Of_5.md "wikilink"), [Akrikto's
    Farm](:Category:Akrikto's_Farm.md "wikilink"). The first two teach
    the new wizard how to use area spells, while the last one is similar
    to Tortuga Cay, however teaches the wizard independence.
-   Super Hero: [Exploration
    Outpost](:Category:Exploration_Outpost.md "wikilink"), [Sun God
    Altar](:Category:Sun_God_Altar.md "wikilink"). Both of these require
    self-spelling, but offer 5-20+ mob rooms to take on at once, thus
    allowing for rapid leveling.

**Tanking:** The lack of rescue is the primary reason that makes wizards
solo creatures. Wizards will need at least one large hitter/healer who
can act as a back up tank to rescue groupies.

**Hitting:** Wizards, unlike mages, do not make even reasonable hitters
(lack of third attack until Lord, and enhanced damage). Thus, wizard's
melee capabilities are virtually nonexistent.

**Healing:** Wizards heal as well as any other character that can
brandish. They do have access to [Heal](Heal "wikilink") spell to be
used in emergencies, but it is out-of-class, thus it will heal less HP
than a healing class (like cleric) and the lag will be considerable as
well.

## Wizards at Lord Tier

Wizards are the tops, bar none, for area damage at lord. With their
large mana base and the spellbook 'Ether Link' (used to decrease spell
costs in crowded rooms), they can deal a huge amount of damage when
dealing with multiple foes, which regularly happens in **gear rooms**.

Unfortunately, this is balanced out by their damage and mana endurance
against single mobs, where Psionicists, and Sorcerers will all
out-damage and out-last a wizard.

Recently Wizards have acquired the ability to create a [Signature
Spell](Signature_Spell "wikilink") (at lord level 300). These can
potentially do more damage than the usual single-target or area spells
([Maelstrom](Maelstrom "wikilink") and [Meteor
Swarm](Meteor_Swarm "wikilink")).

Unlike mages, wizards can not chaos channel their maelstroms, but they
do have much larger mana pools to offset that.

Not having [sneak](sneak "wikilink") can be annoying at Lord, but there
are several good options for equipment to provide this (adding a
[demonic lapis lazuli](Demonic_Lapis_Lazuli.md "wikilink") to a [silver
chestplate](Silver_Chestplate.md "wikilink") for example). Also some
races have the [racial sneak](Racial_Sneak.md "wikilink") ability.

Lord Wizards can learn some useful spells such as [Wall Of
Thorns](Wall_Of_Thorns "wikilink") and [Barkskin](Barkskin "wikilink")
(via the [Dusty Tome Of Forgotten
Lore](Dusty_Tome_Of_Forgotten_Lore "wikilink")).

## Wizard Remort Options

Racial remort only. [HiE](High_Elves.md "wikilink"),
[Tuataurs](Tuataurs "wikilink"), [DSD](Demonseeds.md "wikilink") and
[Sprites](Sprites "wikilink") are all solid choices, as they're
excellent casters with above-average mana pools. Note that some of these
races require you to be a wizard (using a creatable race) before
remorting. [Dragons](Dragons "wikilink") are another good choice, but
requires QP unless one remorts an existing Tuataur wizard. Note that due
to low hp, sprites are a more difficult choice to play for Wizard.

[Category: Prestige Classes](Category:_Prestige_Classes "wikilink")
