*Nestled high in the mountains, the Abbaye du Livre has been dedicated
to the preservation of knowledge and history since the end of the Second
Great War of Giants and Ents. The monks who inhabit the Abbey maintain a
large Library and a Museum which are open to interested scholars from
around the world. Visitors are encouraged to take a look at the many
volumes and tomes the Library has to offer as well as to browse the
Museum's impressive collection of Midgaardian artifacts. Anyone who
finds the Abbey's resources useful should consider giving a donation at
the Almonry to support the upkeep of the Museum and the Library!*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Setielc

This area was added in 2010 Jan.

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 19n, 3e, 3n, 3e, n.  
[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Modrim](Modrim "wikilink"), [Librarian's
assistant](Librarian's_Assistant "wikilink").

## Connections

-   [Highways](:Category:Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink")

## Navigation

Approaching from the entrance to the Abbaye you climb a short path to
reach the main area. This will lead you into the central open area,
consisting mostly of a training ground, gardens and stone paths.

Following the path to the east will take you past a number of
**utilitarian buildings** such as a smithy and bakery as the path curves
north to main **dormitary** of the monestary - which is also reached
from the gardens by travelling in a north-easterly direction. If you
strike west you will reach the entrance to the **library** and north
will take you to the **temple**. If you follow a path to the north-west
you will arrive at the **museum**.

The **utiliarian buildings** include an almonry, a locutory, A bakery, a
smithy, a brewery and a buttery.

The **dormitary** is laid out in an inverted T shape, with the sleeping
areas to the west, the kitchen and dining hall to the north and the
Father's office to the east. This is where the largest mob in the area
can be found.

The **library** is filled with shelves with interesting books to read
and is divided into north, south and west wings. Most mobs wander around
between the different wings and the main thing to distinguish the wings
is the content of the books to be found there. On entering the library,
the Librarian at the entrance gives you a quick explanation of the
lay-out.

The **temple** is the smallest of the big buildings, laid out in a 2x3
rectangular shape with an entrance passage. It also lacks any of the
more interesting mobs which can be found in the other buildings.

The main part of the **museum** is laid out in a 3x3 grid and contains a
number of interesting items to look at with some historical
significance. At the north end of the museum are another couple of
rooms, which include the Director's office and the Director himself -
the second toughest mob in the area.

## Adventuring

With plenty of evil mobs in the library, and mostly good mobs in the
rest of the area, it is easy to maintain your alignment here, or even a
mixed alignment group. Scholars, researchers and other visitors to the
library tend to be negatively aligned, while the monks themselves are
generally positively aligned.

With no aggressive mobs, corpse eaters, necromancers or other unpleasant
surprises, this is a good area for smaller heroes to practice their
skills in, particularly as a duo. A decent duo can easily kill the
smaller mobs for relatively low, but fast xp, and can handle the fewer
but tougher mobs without too many problems.

Soloing, this area is also quite viable, if you can find the usual
balance between getting hit and dealing out damage.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
