''One of the more interesting cultural artifacts to have emerged from
the abortive forays into the
[Apocalypse](:Category:_Apocalypse.md "wikilink") region is an undated
letter found on a scout's corpse:

*The expedition was a complete failure. Gunther has gone mad. I fear my
wounds are mortal. Even though I have escaped this place, the screams
still echo in my head.*

*Do not go into the cave. You can't rescue the people in the webs - it's
a trap. These monsters are devious but they don't seem to think at all.
They're not like us. Even the crazy Lloth-worshipping
[Drow](Drow.md "wikilink") in the cave made sense when they ambushed us,
were kind enough to leave us wounded, even as bait for those things. But
the aliens made these awful sounds, \[portions illegible\]*

*The rest of them are afraid to try to go out. They're living off of
magic and flesh of the youngest aliens. No one trusts
[Gunther](Gunther_The_Knight.md "wikilink") after
[Lomvert](Lomvert_The_Investigator.md "wikilink") saw that creature
crawl into his ear during a meal. He acts strangely now, they tell me.
Once during Gunther's turn as lookout everyone's equipment went missing
except his. While he slept they sent me out to look for help, but I fear
it may be too late.*

*I don't have long. For your own sake, STAY AWAY FROM THE HIVE! If you
must go tell Stephanie I loved her.*

*The signature is unreadable; the corpse was never positively
identified. Attempts to verify the author's outlandish claims have
resulted in a few distinguished explorers disappearing; others have
returned after scant hours and asserted they saw only an empty cave with
a vague resemblance to a sticky beehive. Adventurers are advised to be
wary, just in case.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Snikt

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 16e, \[e\], 2e, n,
2e, 3s, 3e, 3n, 2w, 3n, w, n, e, n, e, 5n, e, s, e, 2n, 7e, 4n, e, n.

Walking route from [terrified woman](Terrified_Woman.md "wikilink"): w,
n, e, n.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: none.

## Connections

## Navigation

## Adventuring

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Incomplete](Category:_Incomplete "wikilink")
