Before I get started, let me reiterate my primary concerns about
wiki-layout:

-   users find what they want with a minimal amount of hassle (clicking)
-   category names are easy and intuitive so contributors don't have to
    look them up each and every time

[Object Affects](:Category:Object_Affects.md "wikilink") isn't an
appropriate parent category for its current subcategories ([Gear That
Applies 'Invis'](:Category:Gear_That_Applies_'Invis'.md "wikilink")
etc). To understand what I mean, compare [Object
Affects](:Category:Object_Affects.md "wikilink") to [Object
Flags](:Category:Object_Flags.md "wikilink"). [Object
Flags](:Category:Object_Flags.md "wikilink") contains flags: [Dark
Flag](Dark_Flag "wikilink"), [Magic Flag](Magic_Flag "wikilink"), etc.
It makes sense.

By the same logic you would expect [Object
Affects](:Category:Object_Affects.md "wikilink") to contain affects:
[Strength](Strength "wikilink"), [Armor Class](Armor_Class "wikilink"),
[Height](Height "wikilink"), etc. IMO this wouldn't be a useful
category. But [Object Affects](:Category:Object_Affects.md "wikilink")
doesn't contain affects, it contains categories of objects. Maybe the
name of the category should be [Objects That Have
Affects](:Category:Objects_That_Have_Affects.md "wikilink"), but then it
would contain all the other crap ([Level
Gear](:Category:Level_Gear.md "wikilink"), [Tank
Gear](:Category:Tank_Gear.md "wikilink"), basically every piece of gear
that's potentially useful) so the category (as is currently named)
sounds too broad and not useful.

A separate but related issue: why separate the spellcasting potions from
the spellcasting swords? Why can't there be a category for ALL objects
that provide a character with [Protection
Evil](Protection_Evil "wikilink")? I guess the root of my issue is that
I don't see the big difference between "applies" and "casts". I've read
the builder's guide and I understand that they're coded differently, but
joe newbie doesn't know that, so I don't think the distinction is
useful. However, after thinking this over for a while, I do recognize
that there are cases where a user will be looking specifically for a
potion, and not for a sword. One example is if a player already has a
good set of tank gear, and wants a way to provide themselves with
[Protection Evil](Protection_Evil "wikilink") without swapping out a
piece of their ac set. Therefore I'm willing to compromise. We'll keep
[Gear That Applies 'Protection
Evil'](:Category:Gear_That_Applies_'Protection_Evil'.md "wikilink"), but
we'll make it a subcategory of [Protection Evil
Objects](:Category:Protection_Evil_Objects.md "wikilink").

With that all said, here's what I'm actually gonna do:

-   Since [Spellcasting
    Objects](:Category:Spellcasting_Objects.md "wikilink") was renamed
    to [Spellcasting Gear](:Category:Spellcasting_Gear.md "wikilink"),
    for the sake of consistency I will go ahead and rename [Sanctuary
    Objects](:Category:Sanctuary_Objects.md "wikilink") to [Sanctuary
    Gear](:Category:Sanctuary_Gear.md "wikilink") (etc).
-   Rename [Object Affects](:Category:Object_Affects.md "wikilink") to
    [Objects That Applies
    Affects](:Category:Objects_That_Applies_Affects.md "wikilink"). The
    name's a little ugly, but a better description of what is actually
    contained here.
-   Rename [Gear That Applies 'Protection
    Evil'](:Category:Gear_That_Applies_'Protection_Evil'.md "wikilink")
    to [Gear That Applies Protection
    Evil](:Category:Gear_That_Applies_Protection_Evil.md "wikilink") (no
    apostrophes). I have a feeling they're just gonna be a pain in the
    butt to remember.
-   Make [Gear That Applies Protection
    Evil](:Category:Gear_That_Applies_Protection_Evil.md "wikilink") a
    subcategory of [Protection Evil
    Gear](:Category:Protection_Evil_Gear.md "wikilink") (etc)

So that's my plan. I don't have time to do all this right now, but I'll
get around to it soon. If [someone](User:DaveGarber1975.md "wikilink")
wants to start on this, feel free, but by no means feel obligated. I'll
get there sooner rather than later.

</rant>

--[Waite](User:Waite.md "wikilink") 17:45, 9 March 2006 (EST)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Good points about this category and I appreciate them greatly. I find
myself agreeing with much of what you're saying here. And I know that I
do, at times, care very much whether I get spells from an object that I
can put on or take off at will or from, say, quaffing potions regularly.
I'm kind of ambivalent about the apostrophes; I'm not sure it matters
one way or the other on them as long as it's consistent. Thanks so much
for your thoughts on this! --[Dave
Garber](User:DaveGarber1975.md "wikilink") 20:03, 9 March 2006 (EST)

Whew! Project somewhat completed... So, to give a little more detail...

-   I agree completely with you that Object Affects was not an entirely
    sensible place to file these subcategories and I'm very grateful to
    you for pointing this out to me. I immediately made major changes
    here that I hope will satisfy both of us.

<!-- -->

-   I maintain that people sometimes do care whether a certain spell
    affect comes from consuming an object or from wearing it. Perhaps
    because I'm one of them. In most cases, for example, I'd much prefer
    to wear an object like a Ring of the Rat than to, say, quaff an
    Invis potion each time I want to re-disappear. And sometimes I'd
    prefer to obtain and use, say, a lens of experience rather than to
    stockpile and quaff, say, vials of gremlin blood. Or vice-versa. And
    I'd be much more interested in an object that cast 'blindness' on a
    mob than one that applied 'blindness' to its wearer.

<!-- -->

-   On the other hand, I'm not sure that I'm all that keen on putting
    Gear That Applies 'Whatever' underneath Whatever Gear. I kinda
    prefer the way it is now with these two categories in parallel with
    each other and clearly linked to one other so that people can (just
    as would be the case, essentially, with your proposal) easily toggle
    back and forth between them with only a single click. So, I'd kinda
    prefer to keep these categories as equals arm-in-arm rather than to
    make one subordinate to the other. But I dunno.

<!-- -->

-   I do agree very much with using the word "gear" for Spellcasting
    Gear subcategories like in so many other categories (Tank Gear,
    Level Gear, This Gear, That Gear, etc.), especially since we've
    agreed that potions and staves and such are gear as much as clothing
    is. Speaking of changing these subcategory names, perhaps I should
    mention that I've also been strongly inclined for some time to
    change all of these Whatever Gear categories to Gear That Casts
    'Whatever', also to provide a degree of consistency (if it casts,
    then Gear That Casts, and, if it applies, then Gear That Applies).
    But, so far at least, I've refrained from doing this for your sake.

<!-- -->

-   I'm quite undecided about the apostrophes-around-spell-names matter.
    I know that, when you ID the objects or check your affects, the
    spell/skill names always show up with apostrophes around them. I use
    them habitually when casting spells. And I kinda like how the
    category names look with them. Not that any of this really matters
    in the slightest. And I'm not sure that it really makes any
    difference whether these category names have apostrophes or not to
    contributors. But, then again, it may and you may be entirely right
    about their causing trouble over time. Hmmm. I wish that we had some
    evidence to give us some guidance on this matter. Or could do a poll
    or something. Or... Hmmm... Heck, I dunno. Anyone else care to add
    to our apostrophe discussion? Anyone?

--[Dave Garber](User:DaveGarber1975.md "wikilink") 22:55, 9 March 2006
(EST)

Well, I implemented all of the changes that we're both in agreement upon
except for those that you got to first. It's definitely an improvement,
I'd say. As for the more minor matters of apostrophes and such, I let
them be for now. I'd be happy to discuss any of these matters further.
--[Dave Garber](User:DaveGarber1975.md "wikilink") 03:23, 10 March 2006
(EST)
