*The woods are hidden away on [the eastern
trail](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink") that wraps around
the northern edge of [Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink"),
near [Brothers' Grimm](:Category:_Brothers_Grimm.md "wikilink"). Rumored
to be the domain of bloodthirsty [hobgoblins](Hobgoblins.md "wikilink"),
not many adventurers have gone to actually check it out. Reports from
yeomen and patrolling knights indicate the mass influx of
[goblins](Goblins.md "wikilink") entering the area, although none have
returned, and have possibly been killed by the
[hobgoblins](Hobgoblins.md "wikilink"). Evidence for this, one green
knight says, is the low guttural cries that are heard constantly,
sometimes scattering the doves in front of Grimms' cottage.*

**Level Range:** 10-15

**Builder:** [Zahri](User:AlexyAnna.md "wikilink")

## Directions

Walking route from [Nom](Nom.md "wikilink"): n, 8w, s, 3e, 4s, e, s.

Walking route from [Sol](Sol.md "wikilink"): 3e, s, 3e, 4s, e, s.

Walking route from [ Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 17w, s, 5w, s, e, s.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [resting
hobgoblin](Resting_Hobgoblin.md "wikilink").

## Connections

This area connects to [Brothers
Grimm](:Category:_Brothers_Grimm.md "wikilink").

## Navigation

The western part of the area has nice clumps of stationary mobs that are
good for exp, though some of the hobgoblins are
[aggressive](Aggressive_Mobs.md "wikilink"), and the goblins in the room
may [assist](Assistive_Mobs.md "wikilink"). The eastern section, as
discussed in the Adventuring section, has some tougher mobs.

## Adventuring

This area can provide a decent amount of exp. A good number of the
hobgoblins are [aggressive](Aggressive_Mobs.md "wikilink"), so try to
target them if there are multiple mobs in the room. The [Griffon Wings
Bracer](Griffon_Wings_Bracer "wikilink") in this area is highly useful,
as it grants [Fly](Fly "wikilink").

From the author:  
The mob levels increase based on how far into the area you get. The mobs
near the entrance are 11-12. The training area (after you go through the
water east/southish, take the west past the living tree) is full of
13-14 level mobs. The tree in the SE corner has the 15-16 mobs.

[Category: Lowmort 1-10 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_1-10_Areas "wikilink")
[Category: Lowmort 11-20
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink")
