Is there any specific reason there is no lowmort 1-11 mana gear section.
Was modifying [Top Hat](Top_Hat "wikilink") and realized that none
existed. Little need or just not have the need yet?
--[Ylem](:User:Ylem.md "wikilink")

The reasoning behind not creating [:Category:Lowmort 1-10 Mana
Gear](:Category:Lowmort_1-10_Mana_Gear "wikilink") (or tank/hit/archer)
was that characters in this low level range tend to concentrate on
obtaining [Level Gear](:Category:Level_Gear.md "wikilink") more than
anything. Only after they're capable of maxing their stats through gear
do most players start worrying about gear that will improve their ac or
hr/dr. That being said, lowmort stats are now **much** cheaper to train
than they used to be, and this could mean that level gear is now less
important to lowbies. If you want to wade through [:Category:Lowmort
1-10 Gear](:Category:Lowmort_1-10_Gear "wikilink") and sort it into hit,
tank, mana I won't stop you. But yeah, you basically got it right: we
never felt a need to distinguish between different types of gear at this
low level range. There isn't a huge distinction between the different
classes before level 12: everyone just runs arounds and solos using
their melee attacks. Therefore everyone tends to run around in (more or
less) the same type of gear. --[Waite](User:Waite.md "wikilink") 14:08,
2 March 2006 (EST)

I'll just change top hat to be lowmort 10-21 gear then.
--[Ylem](:User:Ylem.md "wikilink")

Hmmm, do you think that we should divide up this section now? If so,
then I'd be happy to take on such a project. Has anyone out there been
making lots of new characters recently? If so, then what do you think?
Thanks! --[Dave Garber](User:DaveGarber1975.md "wikilink") 16:25, 2
March 2006 (EST)

Hmmm, no responses yet? Well, I just created a new warrior and found
that I could train its wis, con, and int fully (or nearly so) when it
reached level 3 and its 'boost' disappeared. I think that, with these
newer stat-training costs, most new characters can start thinking about
AC and mana and such much earlier now than they could have done a year
ago. And, considering that, I think that separating Newbie Gear would be
helpful. And I can't see how it could do any harm. So, here goes...
--[Dave Garber](User:DaveGarber1975.md "wikilink") 18:13, 3 March 2006
(EST)
