*Every sailor and merchantman has heard of Pyrrus Island, one of the
most popular trading posts in the Pirate Seas. But, stories from the
island's recent visitors are strange, telling of savage beasts that seem
to attack humanoids on sight. Birds that breath fire, insects that
deliver plague, even plants that will saw through armor. The tales of
riches to be had trading spices and weapons at the outpost beckon to
your greedy nature. But, do you risk the dangers there?*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Kenji

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 39s, 2w, s (note:
crosses [water terrain](Water_Terrain.md "wikilink")).

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Human
Healer](Human_Healer "wikilink") (relatively safe room), [Captain
Shyl](Captain_Shyl.md "wikilink") (note:
[wanders](Wandering_Mobs.md "wikilink")).

## Connections

-   [Sea Of Strayed Hopes](:Category:Sea_Of_Strayed_Hopes.md "wikilink")

## Navigation

The area is a giant square. It is made up of the general compount (5 x 6
area), an upper part of the wall that surrounds it, and out side the
compound. There is a small area below with a prisoner chained up.

## Adventuring

When running for experience you can kill everything you meet. Be warned
the human defenders assist. All the plants and animals poison.

This area can be a bit swarmy and some of the mobs hit pretty hard, esp.
with poison hitting you (sometimes multiple instances of it at the same
time). However it is all un-cursed and therefore easy to set recall, go
sanc, and so on, so that helps. The rooms Into the Breach!, Break in the
Wall, and Plant Tendril (next to each other) seem to collect
particularly nasty swarms of mobs.

## Affects

As of October 2011, the area features a small increase in experience
gains, a moderate increase in mana regen, and a bit less loss of self on
death.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
