*This is taken from the latest edition of the 'Antharian Archives'...
The kingdom of Antharia, one the new discoveries of the modern world,
has a very interesting history. Being one of the oldest races of beings
in existence, they have much knowledge that we do not, and much
knowledge that they no longer posess. We can see this more clearly by
studying a bit of the history of the capital city, Antharia. About a
thousand years ago, Antharia was a very productive and thriving kingdom,
so old that many problems that face most kingdoms had been solved. The
Realm was ruled by what they called a constitutional monarchy. They had
a king, who worked as a figurehead and public leader. However, the true
working laws and policies were dictated by a two councils: The High
Council of Wizards, and the Holy Order of Priests. These two groups
worked very well together, and made Antharia one of the best places to
live. It was these councils who made the discovery that would change the
lives of every Antharian. It was discovered that there was going to be a
major upheaval of the world's outer crust, which would make the whole
country of Antharia, which was actually a big island, in essense, sink
into the ocean. Fearing for the lives of their citizens, the councils
worked quickly to come up with a solution to the disaster. After many
months of searching, it was decided that there was only one solution:
the wizards would have to combine their power to create a "Gem of
Salvation". This gem would, in essence, keep the whole city of Antharia
with air, even underwater -- a dome, if you will. However, this also
forced the government to make the decisions of who would be able to live
and who would die...the city could only hold so many people. The
Antharians are very hesistant to talk about this time in their history.
Understandbly, it was very hard to make those decisions; therefore, much
of the next few decades are lost to us. However, there was to be an even
more dramatic change in the lives of the Antharians. As the Antharians
were getting used to living in an underwater city, the council of
wizards made another discovery which almost cost us the culture of
Antharia forever. The gem was working, but getting weaker with every
day. Not anticipating this, the wizards again started looking for
solutions to this problem. With the help of the priests of Anthar the
wizards came up with the solution that created the Antharian people that
we know today. They had decided that the only way of saving their people
was to transform themselves into Creatures that could breathe water.
However, this process took the powers of all the wizards of Antharia,
and that meant that none of the wizards could be transformed. Knowing
that this was the only hope for their people, the wizards made this
sacrifice. The Day of Transformation is still celebrated as a holiday to
this day -- and the wizards who gave up their lives are revered in
loving memory. We are lucky that these wizards took time to teach their
students the way to take care of the Gem. It was altered to simply
provide stable gravity and protection from predators and falling debris.
The gem is still functioning to this day.*

**Level Range:** 41-51

**Builder:** Amadeus

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 35s, 2w, d. (note:
crosses [water terrain](Water_Terrain "wikilink"))

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Suretin](Suretin "wikilink").

## Connections

Antharia connects to the [Sea of Strayed
Hopes](Sea_Of_Strayed_Hopes "wikilink") at its most southern point, due
south of [Suretin](Suretin "wikilink"), and to the [Antharia
Zoo](Antharia_Zoo "wikilink") in the northwest corner, requiring a
ticket from the [Zookeeper](Antharian_Zookeeper "wikilink") to be
purchased to enter.

## Nagivation

## Adventuring

This is a level suited for a wide range of players, similar to
[Igecsoz](:Category:_Igecsoz "wikilink"). pp antharia works just fine.

The room of [Suretin](Suretin "wikilink") is safe, good for setting your
recall.

Note that the [Antharian Children](Antharian_Child "wikilink") begin to
assist against players once you reach level 35, and [Sucker
Fish](Sucker_Fish "wikilink") once you reach level 36.

-   Antharian Child, [level](Level "wikilink") 39.

<!-- -->

-   Sucker Fish, [level](Level "wikilink") 40

<!-- -->

-   Human, Dwarven, Elven Representatives, [level](Level "wikilink") 40.

<!-- -->

-   Gnome, Hobbit, Bureaucrat (Antharian Rep) Representatives,
    [level](Level "wikilink") 42.

<!-- -->

-   Antharian citizen, [level](Level "wikilink") 45.

<!-- -->

-   Antharian Knight [level](Level "wikilink") 70.

In times past, the five shopkeepers (Cyrtpea, Irghum, Ertuvia, Heaustf,
and Zaertses) were all level 99 and so provided excellent experience at
hero level. For reasons known only to themselves, the Imms lowered their
level to 55 (Ertuvia is slightly bigger), but left Heaustf unchanged
(save for adding a tail attack - also on the knights). Therefore, he's
the only worthwile experience in Antharia proper; the Zookeeper
northeast of the area is level 80, the only other mob worth killing.

[Category: Lowmort 31-40
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_31-40_Areas "wikilink") [Category: Lowmort
41-50 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_41-50_Areas "wikilink") [Category: Hero
Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
