*The PSIONICIST class is a 'spellcasting' class similar to
[Mages](:Category:_Mages "wikilink") and
[Clerics](:Category:_Clerics "wikilink"), but with several important
differences. Where a [Mage](:Category:_Mages "wikilink")'s power comes
from harnessing external energies present in all matter, and a
[Cleric](:Category:_Clerics "wikilink")'s comes from his or her deity,
the Psionicist derives all of his or her power from within. Psions are
masters of [BIOCENTRIC
SPELLS](:Category:_Biocentric_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink") that alter
the body on a cellular level, [Telepathic
spells](:Category:_Telepathic_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink") that can
cripple the weak-minded, and [TELEKINETIC
SPELLS](:Category:_Telekinetic_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink") that range
from simple [levitation](Levitation "wikilink") to complex attack
spells. Although slightly less powerful than
[MAGEs](:Category:_Mages "wikilink") in terms of spell damage, they make
up for it with their versatility and bevy of [unique
abilities](:Category:_Psionicist_Class_Definers "wikilink"). The [Prime
Stat](Prime_Requisite "wikilink") of a Psion is
[INTelligence](Intelligence "wikilink").*

**Abbreviation:** Psi.

**[Prime Requisite](Prime_Requisite "wikilink"):**
[Intelligence](Intelligence "wikilink").

## Psionicist Creation

Like any spellcasting class, races with good mana are recommended. In
addition, psionicists run in DR gear and are similar to melee types in
their damage, so a race with a positive [damage
modifier](Racial_Damage_Modifier "wikilink") is good. There aren't many
races with both good spellcasting ability and good damage modifier, so
people give one or the other more importance.

Good creatable races are drow/elf/cen (good mana, but no damage mod).
Liz has average mana (and a small psi spellcost bonus) and good hp with
an option of remorting tua/drg. Fdk is a race with good damage mod and
good mana (at high evolution), but it has large tnl. Drg and drc are
also good options if you can handle the tnl/abomination.

## Psionicists in General

Psionicists seem to get more hp and less mana than mages. When using
[telekinetic spells](:Category:Telekinetic_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
such as [Dancing Weapon](Dancing_Weapon "wikilink") and
[Fandango](Fandango "wikilink") be sure to watch out for [Mobs that
Stomp](:Category:Stomping_Mobs "wikilink") and [Mobs that
Scavenge](:Category:Scavenging_Mobs "wikilink").

Note on [Dancing Weapon](Dancing_Weapon "wikilink") use: Be sure to read
about [Kinetic Weapon Control](Kinetic_Weapon_Control "wikilink"). It's
worth experimenting with different weapon combinations because some of
the specifics of kinetic weapon damage are not fully understood yet.
Using a weaker weapon such as a two-handed hafted weapon with less DR
than a separate main hand wield and offhand wield (which combine their
DR) might give the same damage with [Dancing
Weapon](Dancing_Weapon "wikilink"). Furthermore, low-weight [hafted
weapons](:Category:Hafted_Weapons "wikilink") and [ethereal
weapons](:Category:Ethereal_Weapons "wikilink") are supposed to be
easier to catch, so they might be a better choice. Hafted weapons can
also be used to [bash](bash "wikilink") if necessary. There is still a
lot more testing required on this topic. Additionally it's worth
remembering that dual wielding will give an extra regular attack, and
normal melee hits between telekinetic attacks should do more dmg with
the greater HR/DR.

## Psionicists at Lowmort Tier

### Training

Like any other spell-casting class, the order for training goes; Wisdom
(to maximize practices as soon as possible), Intelligence (to get the
best chances of mana gains as early as possible), Constitution (to gain
improved hps quickly, but probably secondary in importance to mana) and
then followed by Dexterity and Strength in no particular combination or
hurry.

With the addition of spellbots as common use, Constitution, Dexterity
and Strength can all be boosted with spells (commonly by +4 each), so it
not neccessary to top out on training those three stats straight away.
Further more, with the use of an 'Acumen' fountain (+2 Wisdom) in
Centaur Hollow, one can ameliorate the use of Wisdom gear down to a
single piece, allowing the three pieces of easily obtainable
Intelligence gear (Mantles of Bonk or Ugly Amulets for the neck, and an
Orb of Knowledge for the held slot) to be worn at level 3 directly
(after your 'Boost' spell has worn off from creation).

### Practicing

Due to the recent events which have befallen
[Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard "wikilink"), the Psion Mistress has moved
her guild to [Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace "wikilink"). She is
quite tight-lipped about the specific chain of events that caused her to
leave Midgaard, but she is grateful to be able to continue helping
psionicists practice. At the moment she can be found in the Inn of the
Last Home.

### Worshipping

Virtually all psionicists worship Shizaga, the Goddess of Chaos and
Magic, as she provides enormous benefits and virtually no downsides to
the class. Shizaga increases the damage of psionic spells such as dart,
blast bolt and dancing weapon; she reduces spell cost by %5; increases
mana regen; reduces spell lag; and provides a bonus to mana gains when
levelling.

### Fighting

When soloing, tank gear seems to be the best bet for the low level psi.
Until you get [Dart](Dart "wikilink"), [psychic
drain](Psychic_Drain "wikilink") will be your most damaging spell.
Between your melee and spells, nothing should really be able to stop you
levels 1-10, so long as you remember to stick to areas your own level.
Level 10 and up will be a bit more difficult, but possible. Be sure to
wear gear that maxes your [Int](Intelligence "wikilink") so you can
[Dart](Dart "wikilink") the heaviest item available to you (depends on
your [Int](Intelligence "wikilink")).

As [Dart](Dart "wikilink") costs a bare fraction of your mana, it will
be easiest to use [quicken](Quicken "wikilink") as enemies get stronger,
rather than using a stronger spell. When you learn [Blast
Bolt](Blast_Bolt "wikilink") and [Detonate](Detonate "wikilink"), for
instance, keep using Dart (or at higher levels when you need the damage,
use a non-telekinetic attack spell). Blast Bolt wastes fodder for a poor
damage increase, and Detonate isn't really a damage spell at all. Like
all kinetic spells, [Torch](Torch "wikilink") outdamages [chaos
channelling](Chaos_Channel "wikilink") mages of the same level, for less
mana cost too, so use it as soon as you are able, and it should be your
primary damage spell until [Dancing Weapon](Dancing_Weapon "wikilink").
([Weapon Rush](Weapon_Rush "wikilink") is useless unless you happen to
have [20k DR at your disposal](Hand_Of_God "wikilink").) Avoid
non-telekinetic attacks unless you need to [surge](Surge "wikilink")
(max psi surge is 4).

## Psionicist Prestige Options

[Level](Level "wikilink")-50 psionicists may choose to become
[mindbenders](:Category:_Mindbenders "wikilink") instead.

## Psionicists at Hero Tier

### Fighting

**Soloing:** Psis can solo in two ways

1.  Use dancing weapon and some mix of tank and hit gear depending on
    how much hp you have and how hard the mobs you are fighting hit.
    Note that, like Monk, the damage difference between full ac and full
    dr gear sets is not as big as might be expected with other classes.
    Dancing weapon can do nice damage even in full ac gear (hint: get ac
    gear that also has dr). You will want an alias that picks up the
    dropped weapon and wields it. Dancing weapon is great for several
    reasons: low mana cost, damage counts as spell damage (not weapon
    type such as blunt or sharp) so can hit so-called "no melee damage"
    mobs, and it hits three times from the start, even if you haven't
    learned third (or second) attack yet.
2.  Wear tank gear and use [Death Field](Death_Field "wikilink"). Death
    field is the most powerful area spell at hero (use to be, now [blood
    nova](Blood_Nova "wikilink") is) and it has lower lag compared to
    acid rain, but it has high cost and big downsides (see [Deaths
    Door](Deaths_Door "wikilink")).

**Tanking:** Psis have a tanking advantage over other casters because
they have access to in-class [fear](fear "wikilink"),
[scramble](scramble "wikilink"), [deception](deception "wikilink"), and
[overconfidence](overconfidence "wikilink") that work with a high degree
of success. On the other hand, Psis do not have a low cost in-class area
spell like mages and clerics do, so they will have to resort to
quickening [Burning Hands](Burning_Hands "wikilink") to aggress an
entire room. Like other casters, Psis are limited by their middling HP
pool, so having [high quality tank
gear](:Category:Hero_Tank_Gear "wikilink"), and perhaps a charged
shield, is important. Since [Dancing Weapon](Dancing_Weapon "wikilink")
is underwhelming in tank gear and non-kinetic damage spells are
underwhelming always, debuff spells (scramble, deception, etc.) are
probably the best use of mana until you need to surge a big mob.

**Hitting:** Psis hit great in a group, usually switching to full hit
gear after mana drops below base level. Psis usually need three eq sets:
tank, mana and hit, which is more than most classes commonly have and
makes for more complicated gear changing macros. A big problem for a psi
hitting in a group with dancing weapon is losing dropped weapons. While
you can make a trigger to pick up dropped weapons often the group will
move too fast for your trigger to work, and it may be too spammy
onscreen to notice right away that you've dropped a weapon. Ideally
groupmates will help pick up dropped weapons, but as psi is less common
than it used to be many groupmates are not used to this.

[Kinetic Chain](Kinetic_Chain "wikilink") prevents dropping your
weapons, and it consumes a flat amount of mana each time you would
normally drop them. This cost doesn't increase with quicken. On a hero
dragon psi worshiping Shizaga it costs 19 mana to cast it and 36 mana
per recovery (no idea if racial or worship spellcost modifiers change
it), which is more than dancing weapon costs normally (23). It also only
lasts for 8 ticks with a 13 tick exhaust. At hero you'll typically only
use it during EHA runs when you move quickly and you can't always count
on groupmates to recover your weapons, or if you know you're in the
presence of stompers and scavengers. In smaller groups or while soloing,
you can usually ignore this spell entirely.

**Healing:** Pretty much the same as other casters in that they can
brandish. They do learn augment at hero 87 and so can also cast limited
heal spells.

**Leveling:** If using [rupture](rupture "wikilink") at all it's easy to
end up with a negative intelligence modifier. For these times it's
helpful to have an alias (or two) to quickly wear some [positive int
gear](:Category:Int_Gear "wikilink") when leveling. Also, note that
[clarify](Clarify "wikilink") can clear the negative int affect.

### Kinetic enhancers

Higher level psionicists receive [ kinetic
enhancers](:Category:Kinetic_Enhancers "wikilink") which can be cast on
their weapons. The most important of these are

-   [stunning weapon](Stunning_Weapon "wikilink") (hero 500) - can stun
    mobs
-   [felling weapon](Felling_Weapon "wikilink") (lord 400) - can knock
    down mobs
-   [conscious weapon](Conscious_Weapon "wikilink") (lord 500) -
    increases damage
-   [intelligent weapon](Intelligent_Weapon "wikilink") (lord 800) -
    increase damage even more

## Psionicists at Lord Tier

Psi can be quite powerful in lord groups but need to have favourable
circumstances. Bashing makes a lot more difference at lord for psi
damage. [Fandango](Fandango "wikilink") is the main psi spell which when
the mob is bashed does very good damage. With full lord hit gear it does
damage somewhere between mid and high ERAD. For comparison, it's
somewhere between surge 2 and surge 3 brimstone. Also, it's very
consistent. Since fandango costs relatively little mana, psis can run a
long time without regen.

Taking into account the above psis are most useful in xp runs with a
monk type in group. Since almost all lord play is in a group, psi lords
have the same issue with lost weapons as psis hitting in a group at
hero. Kinetic chain is more useful because of relatively less mana cost
compared to hero. Also you can use mindwipe when kinetic chain is
exhausted and still do a pretty good amount of overall damage.

One of the disadvantages to psis is that they usually run in hit gear,
making them more splatty. Also they have neither a good area spell, nor
a good surgeable single target spell at lord, which means they are of
less use in gear rooms. Lost weapons are a perennial risk, especially in
areas with stompers or when the whole group goes down.

## Psionicist Remort Options

Psionicist can choose to remort into a Human Sorcerer at lvl 150 Lord or
at lvl 300 Lord if he wants to keep his old race.

Mindbenders can become Sorcerors earlier than Psions can.

[Category: Core Classes](Category:_Core_Classes "wikilink")
