SHOPPING LIST:

-   Someone who can skin corpses (Durr is best)

<!-- -->

-   A Bowie knife

<!-- -->

-   Someone who can disarm traps and who can pick locks (they must have
    the disarm traps and pick locks skill practiced)

<!-- -->

-   A trap-disarming kit

<!-- -->

-   A chest-pick

<!-- -->

-   An evil-aligned tank and evil-aligned damage dealers who can fight a
    few mobs for a key

STEPS:

\(1\) First, find the entrance. Wander in Nowhere until, on scan, you
see mob "A nihilistic cultist struggles weakly from within a tangle of
black tendrils." When you see this mob on scan, set the planar anchor
and regenerate on Thorngate.

\(2\) Next, do the rest of the run. (this can be long)

Step 1 notes: To get here, wander through Nowhere for awhile until you
see a "Too dark too tell" when you type exit. Set anchor at this point,
it'll be useful if you get trapped later, or if death is too soon.

Anyways, go to the "too dark to tell" room and kill the mob((White Aura)
A nihilistic cultist struggles weakly from within a tangle of black
tendrils.) there, and have a tank enter the tendril.

Step 2 notes: The mobs in the next area aren't huge. Wander killing
mobs; be sure to skin the mindless husk of aa giant for [a
key](Femur_Of_A_Giant "wikilink") ((Dull) the femur of a giant).

Find [a man you can look at](Trafsla_The_Karnathian_Shaman "wikilink"),
and some spheres scattered around.

The spheres each go to a different area, gith, kzin, and arcadia.

Arcadia is a hedge maze with a nasty assassin mob at the end. In a
dead-end room with 1 east exit is a coffer (use alertness to see the
hint that it's there). You'll need to "inspect coffer" and "dismantle
<trap> coffer" and "pick coffer"; can also try to "break coffer" with a
sledgehammer if you didn't bring rogue tools.

In Kzin you have to clear all mobs then push tongue in the NE with a
bigger room at the end, and gith has some big mobs and some doors with
keys. In all of these areas you'll acquire a ticket ("tendril") which
spawns after you kill the room on the ground.

NOTE: there is a room with some mobs that hold a key that only evil
aligned characters can enter, so bring dsd's, shf's, sor's, hob's.

Give all the tendrils to Trafsla to get [a
key](Song_Of_The_Soulgorger's_Heart "wikilink"), then enter tendril.

You'll now be into a mazy area with trapped rooms. Use the "exit"
command or look north/east/south/west to find the next direction to go
here -- "All Formations Are Impermanent". Beware that a repop will
scramble the rooms and you may walk in the wrong direction; a wrong
direction walk will leave you stuck and you'll have to start over.

Eventually you'll come to a door that you need the key from the man.
Regen here with the sentinel at the brink -- probably wait for him to
repop then go to the gear room.

Unlock the door and be prepared to die to the
[soulgorger](soulgorger "wikilink")... This is a wacky spawn fest in
here that will hurt a lot. At some point in the fight, there is an
invisible mob that can't be seen during combat with detects up.

BTW, the man is a safe for regen, so regen before all stages of the
journey.

The [big item](Girth_Of_Karnath "wikilink"), that requires a rough
adventure, is a about waist piece with -65 ac, -15 ac better than it's
closest piece. There is also [a
hat](Lens_Of_Eternal_Contempt "wikilink") with +13 dr, which is +3 dr
more than current closest (non-psi) piece. There is also [an archer
cape](Forest_Green_Cloak "wikilink") here.

At the end you'll "give patch mishva" (also have strand in inventory).
Repopping the gear room & killing again may spawn a fresh Mishva, which
is fine.

[Category:Soulgorger's Lair](Category:Soulgorger's_Lair "wikilink")
[Category:Grandfathered Gear](Category:Grandfathered_Gear "wikilink")
[Category:Shard Area Gear](Category:Shard_Area_Gear "wikilink")
