*Fables of small elementals surround this valley that rests off of the
[Dwarven Trade Route](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink"). It
is said that at the proper time, tiny elementals will dance to some
unheard music around a giant quartz boulder that sits in the center.*

**Level Range:** 6-10

**Builder:** Crom

## Directions

Walking route from [Sol](Sol.md "wikilink"): 3e, 2n, 3e, 5n, 7e.

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 14n, 6w, n.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [small
elemental](Small_Elemental.md "wikilink") (note: there are many).

## Connections

The valley has two entrances, but both lead in from the [Dwarven Trade
Route](:Category:Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink"). The first leads
into the north western part of the valley directly east from the first
dog-leg the Dwarven Trade Route takes on it's way from [Mt
Durr](:Category:Mt_Durr.md "wikilink") to Farmer's Way. The second leads
off the same road, just a bit further along, but this time is a north
entrance into the south eastern section of the valley.

## Navigation

The Valley is one of the smallest and easiest areas to navigate in the
game.

It consists of 9 rooms arranged in a 3x3 pattern, with the only notable
features being a glowing quartz boulder in the centre of the valley, and
the two entrances to the valley, respectively in the northwest corner,
and the southeast corner.

## Adventuring

This is a very small area and also easy to get to. The mobs here have no
weapons and wear no equipment and are not aggressive. In addition, the
elementals are confined in a rather small area and are easy to find and
the valley is not so crowded that someone running must fear for vast
amounts of assists. Rumor has it that elementals do not die on death,
but rather come back stronger - for a time.

While there is nothing special about this place, it is a quiet spot
easily accessed and not far from Meadow and can be good for a level or
two after the Meadow loses its attraction.

This area was revamped in January 2014: the area range was expanded from
6-7 to 6-10 and mob distribution tweaked.

[Category: Lowmort 1-10 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_1-10_Areas "wikilink")
