Anyone free to put in a quick discussion on how to compare HR vs Max? I
seem to remember an online discussion on how there was a bug with either
restring or enchant bow and the result was a change in the formula to
adjust for that bug. I did a quick search on the wiki and didn't find
anything. For example a Max 75/HR 21 bow versus a Max 72/HR 22 bow. One
has a higher HR one has a higher Max. Which should be used?

------------------------------------------------------------------------

In my theorycrafting, 1 avg w/ 2 max difference in a highly restrung bow
is about even with 3hr assuming you have full archer gear and mods. For
example: My 60-67-75 22 draw str 27hr bow hits very similarly to my
60-68-77 24ds 21hr bow. Both bows tested on the same Cen Arc for a
couple runs. Which granted isn't enough to be definitive in any way;
just personal experience. (And yes, i could tighten the ds 22 bow more;
but it's my only dbrill bow right now and ds 22 is usable by more
races).

So for your example, barring a really good or really bad average, the
M72 22hr bow will probably hit slightly better than the m75 21hr; but be
close enough that you'd have to go many many runs to see a noticible
difference assuming the wield is the only difference in gear and mob
selection.

The bug if I recall right was you could tighten, loosen below 20 draw
strength without a chance at a mess up or snap of the bow. Essentially
you could tighten/loosen until you brill restrung the bow as many times
as you wanted. The fix was to have the chance for something to go wrong
or snap the bow occur at any draw strength level. Though i'm not sure on
the snap though since I can't remember the last time i snapped a
bow.--[Kerd](User:Kerd.md "wikilink")
([talk](User_talk:Kerd.md "wikilink")) 16:48, 22 September 2016 (EDT)

------------------------------------------------------------------------
