*Shortly after the beginning of time, two factions of
[dragons](Dragons.md "wikilink") warred, the leaders of these two
factions tumbling through the sky in their struggle. At one point one of
these great [dragons](Dragons.md "wikilink") was thrown to the earth,
striking with such unimaginable force that time itself was injured.
Since that point, that plot of land lies in interminable twilight, even
as days and years pass around it. Over time, it became a point of
religious significance for many [races](:Category:_Races.md "wikilink"),
housing various altars for various Empires and kingdoms. Ultimately, an
Abbey was built on this land, aiding wayward adventurers on their way
past the [Great Wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink"). As
time passed by, however, it became run down and quiet, housing only a
small population. So when locals saw a large amount of questionable
activity at the Abbey, the rumors began to fly all over Midgaardia.*

**Level Range:** 25-35

**Builder:** Nadreck

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 13e, \[s\].

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Abbot
Cassinus](Abbot_Cassinus.md "wikilink").

## Connections

-   [Defender's Graveyard](:Category:Defender's_Graveyard.md "wikilink")
    ([map](Defender's_Graveyard.md "wikilink"))
-   [Highways/Great Wall](:Category:Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink")
    ([map](Highways/Great_Wall_Map.md "wikilink"))

## Navigation

## Adventuring

The mobs on the outskirts of this [area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink")
[assist](Assistive_Mobs.md "wikilink") against each other if your
[align](Alignment.md "wikilink") is good. While this is amusing, it
makes it hard to get [exp](Experience_Points.md "wikilink"), because
they steal your kills. Once you enter the abbey proper the exp gets much
better, but most of the [mobs](:Category:_Mobs.md "wikilink") use tail
attacks, so don't count on being able to use midround
[commands](:Category:_Commands.md "wikilink").

[Category: Lowmort 21-30
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_21-30_Areas "wikilink") [Category: Lowmort
31-40 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_31-40_Areas "wikilink")
