*Deep in the heart of the elemental plane of water, a strange spherical
anomaly formed and grew. Throughout the planescape, elementals were
drawn to it and many became ensnared by the sorcery of the Twins,
Nibnobe and Decly, who reside deep in the heart of the sphere. The Twins
hope to combine the energies of the four elemental planes, using the
synergistic elemental power to their own ends. Only the power of the
Elemental Plane of Air has thus far resisted them, and its defenses are
weakening. Time is short, venture there if you dare....*

**Builder:** Yevaud

## Directions

To get to the top of the sphere (first room of Reckoning, great place to
regen), go 3dwd from [Water](:Category:Water "wikilink") shift. Down
from there is the core, which is the center of the four elemental
portions of the area.

## Connections

The entrance to this area from [water
proper](:Category:Plane_Of_Water "wikilink") is one way. There are no
other connections to any other areas.

## Navigation

From the core,

-   north is water
-   south is air
-   east is fire
-   west is earth

Fire and earth are nospell zones.

## Adventuring

The spellable portions of this area can provide some very excellent exp
for a group of 12 or so. Note that most of the water mobs wield, and
most of the air mobs are gassy. Once your group starts to show signs of
fatigue you should make your way back to the "top of the sphere" for
regen. If there's too many mobs between your group and the regen spot I
would suggest teleporting to [water
proper](:Category:Plane_Of_Water "wikilink") (pp wyrm - <b>note: wyrms
now tail</b>) or [planeshifting](planeshift "wikilink") to
[Thorngate](:Category:Thorngate "wikilink"). This area is notorious for
splattering groups who push their luck.

Besides exp, the other reason groups come here is to get a
[Lodestone](Lodestone "wikilink"). See [Gear In
Reckoning](:Category:Gear_In_Reckoning "wikilink") for more information.

[Category:Water](Category:Water "wikilink") [Category:Lord
Areas](Category:Lord_Areas "wikilink")
