## Getting to [Under The Stars](:Category:Under_The_Stars "wikilink")

If the [Planar Anchor](Planar_Anchor "wikilink") isn't already set, you
have to experience the joy that is
[Noctopia](:Category:Noctopia "wikilink") shift. Get a ton of brutes,
have them all shift together, and hope that everyone doesn't splat.
If/when you clear shift and finish CRing your groupies, go s,d,w. From
here you need to bashdoor down to enter [Under The
Stars](:Category:Under_The_Stars "wikilink"). Note that once you enter
[Under The Stars](:Category:Under_The_Stars "wikilink") there won't be
any regennable rooms for a while. Also note that the first room of
[Under The Stars](:Category:Under_The_Stars "wikilink") is where you can
summon the [Planar Anchor](Planar_Anchor "wikilink").

## [Yorimandil The Blind](Yorimandil_The_Blind "wikilink")

To get [Yorimandil's Blindfold](Yorimandil's_Blindfold "wikilink")
portal to pet. This will put you in the "Iron Walkways" portion of the
area, which is [Homeshiftable](Homeshift "wikilink") and regenable.
[Yorimandil The Blind](Yorimandil_The_Blind "wikilink") can be found in
a gazebo in the northeast portion of the walkways. Note that
[Yorimandil](Yorimandil_The_Blind "wikilink") can't always be found in
this area; it seems like he likes to split his time between here and
[Obsidian Arena; Floor](:Category:Obsidian_Arena;_Floor "wikilink"). If
[Yorimandil](Yorimandil_The_Blind "wikilink") is home you should be able
to where/track him.

## [Ether Link Spellbook](Rediscovering_Ether,_Book_1_In_A_3_Part_Series "wikilink")

Another piece of gear that can be found [Under The
Stars](:Category:Under_The_Stars "wikilink") is [Rediscovering Ether,
Book 1 In A 3 Part
Series](Rediscovering_Ether,_Book_1_In_A_3_Part_Series "wikilink"). To
get this item you need kill all the [Bloodmaw
Tentacles](Bloodmaw_Tentacle "wikilink"). I'm not sure how many you have
to kill (5?), but eventually the [Bloodmaw](Bloodmaw "wikilink") will
spawn. Once you kill the [Bloodmaw](Bloodmaw "wikilink") the spellbook
will load on the ground. Note that the tentacles are portable and
trackable, but the bloodmaw is only trackable.

## [Ethereal Blade](Ethereal_Blade "wikilink")

Patrolling the bleeding tunnels are the [Ethereal
Stalkers](Ethereal_Stalker "wikilink"). These mobs hit hard,
bash/disarm, and track you. Killing an [Ethereal
Stalker](Ethereal_Stalker "wikilink") will net you an [Ethereal
Blade](Ethereal_Blade "wikilink").

[Category:Gear In Noctopia](Category:Gear_In_Noctopia "wikilink")
[Category:Under The Stars](Category:Under_The_Stars "wikilink")
