*The Grand Citadel, composed entirely of glass, diamond and crystal,
stands in the center of the [Arcadian
Plane](:Category:Arcadia.md "wikilink"). It is the seat of power of the
[High King of the Fae](High_King_Adrial.md "wikilink"). His subjects
regard the Citadel as the single most beautiful construct in reality.*

*Midgaardian visitors should regard it as a very pretty place to die.*

**Builder:** Dev

## Directions

From [Astral](:Category:Astral.md "wikilink") shift: 3d (puts you in the
first circle)  
From [Arcadia](:Category:Arcadia.md "wikilink") shift: portal to fae
gate guard, or if you wish to walk go *all* n.

## Connections

The beginning of this area connects to [Fantasy
Forest](:Category:Fantasy_Forest.md "wikilink")

## Navigation

The lowest level of this area is a hedge maze with ixupis and fae
guards.

The 1st circle has some fae nobility mobs that are relatively large for
the area.

Beyond that the area is a mostly linear climb to the top. See [Gear In
Citadel Arcadia](:Category:Gear_In_Citadel_Arcadia.md "wikilink") for
more information.

## Adventuring

If you plan on climbing the tower, it's probably a good idea to bring a
rogue with lockpicks. It is possible to hunt down all the keys you need,
but picking the locks will make your climb go much faster.

This area is okay exp for a smallish group. Note that many mobs here
wield weapons, and some use those annoying stunning [Lightning
Bolts](Lightning_Bolts "wikilink"), so having a psi/shf/mon in the group
is a huge plus.

Most people that go here are seeking out gear, particularly the [Ruling
Glyph](Ruling_Glyph "wikilink"). For instructions for how to do a
citadel gear run, see [:Category:Gear In Citadel
Arcadia](:Category:Gear_In_Citadel_Arcadia "wikilink").

[Category:Lord Areas](Category:Lord_Areas "wikilink")
[Category:Arcadia](Category:Arcadia "wikilink")
