*For many generations, sailors have been coming to this particular
temple of [Shizaga](Shizaga.md "wikilink") in hopes that through their
offerings, they can been assured safe passage through the seas. While
small in size, this alabaster temple has always been an important
landmark between [Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard.md "wikilink") to the
north and [the coastal city](:Category:_Mervue.md "wikilink") to the
south.*

**Level Range:** 30-35

**Builder:** [Zahri](User:AlexyAnna.md "wikilink")

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 19s, w.

Speedwalk route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink") with some clients:
s=s=s=s=s=s=s=s=s=s=s=s=s=s=s=s=s=s=s=w

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Huran
representative](Representative_Of_Huran,_Hand_Of_Gorn.md "wikilink").

## Connections

The Temple is reached west from the [Ocean Trade
Route](:Category:Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink"), just north of
[Mervue](:Category:Mervue.md "wikilink").

## Navigation

A small area, the temple proper is basically laid out in a 3x3 block,
with the **Entrance** just off to the east before leaving for the [Ocean
Trade Route](:Category:Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink"). There is also
a second floor built around the dome. Notable features are a pool in the
**Center of Shizaga's Temple** and if you go up, you can reach **Inside
the Alabaster Dome**.

## Adventuring

This area was expanded in March 2013 with the creation of a second
floor. This area is ideal for soloing or duoing casters, as there are
not too many hard hitting mobs. Only one mob is sanc'd (the
representative of Huran) and no mobs have special casting ability.

The Priestess carrying alms in a basket at the entrance is one of the
easiest to defeat and is a good gauge for how you will fare fighting the
rest of the mobs. Apart from Huran, the attendants are the toughest. If
you are good align, it's worth visiting the Igecsoz youths in the dome
above the pool, as they are the only evil mobs in the area and judicious
killing of them can keep your alignment up for longer without needing a
break. The youths will assist if you are level 26 or higher. The Huran
Representative will also fix your align a little, if you are good, and
he is quite nice xp although he is a lot tougher than the other mobs in
the area.

A good alternative levelling area if
[Oddities](:Category:Zin's_Hall_Of_Oddities.md "wikilink") is
unavailable, or has got stale.

[Category: Lowmort 21-30
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_21-30_Areas "wikilink") [Category: Lowmort
31-40 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_31-40_Areas "wikilink")
