*Many tales have been told about the mysterious Time Lords and the
secrets they may possess. Untold numbers of adventurers have searched
for them never to return. Of late prophets, seers, and diviners have
been reporting strange dreams alluding to some chronal holocaust to
come. Perhaps some secrets are better left not known.*

**Builder:** Mirlion

## Directions

Wander around in [Nothing](:Category:Nothing "wikilink") looking for
"(White Aura) A man in purple robes" on scan. The easiest method is to
shift Earth, head to the nexus (1n, 4w). Once you enter the nexus, the
man in purple robes will only be two rooms away (note this area is a
maze). You can either scan and search for a mob described as "A
nihilistic cultist sits entranced, staring into a gap in the void."
however this mob doesn't repop. The alternative method is to enter the
nexus, have one groupmate rest and then move one room away, scanning and
looking for the man in purple robes. If he's not there, return to your
groupmate and try another direction until you find him.

When you arrive at the man in purple robes, continue on into a replica
of Thorngate. You are looking to kill 4 Time Tempests which each hold a
mirror shard. Note: one of these mirror shards is unique and its
mandatory you have that particular shard - use identify to ensure you
have it. If you miss him / another shard, you can wait for a repop in
this area. To exit the area, plane thorn (consider regening) and then
return to Nothing the same way as you did earlier.

Give the four shards to the guy in purple robes (you just need to give
one and he takes the rest). He'll create a portal to a room with about
six hard-hitting boss mobs. Have a tank enter the portal first; kill;
and the loot is on the corpse. Gets you a held ac item which is better
than a lodestone but worse than the manifest item; also gets you a blunt
weapon which is better than the best berserker weapon but worse than the
demonic-lapis-lazuli one.

## Connections

Just the entrance.

## Navigation

## Adventuring

The first room of this area (the one with the purple robes guy) is
[lloydable](lloydable "wikilink").

This is another one of the areas from the lord area building contest. It
will only be in the game for two months or so.

[Category:Lord Quest Areas](Category:Lord_Quest_Areas "wikilink")
[Category:Grandfathered Areas](Category:Grandfathered_Areas "wikilink")
