*On the edge of one [plane](:Category:Lord_Planes "wikilink") or
another, there have been hypothesized to be "bubbles" or miniature
planes. Within one of these bubbles, called
[Thorngate](:Category:Thorngate "wikilink") by some, sits an Inn run by
a little man named [Bandu](Bandu "wikilink"). If you find yourself near
[Thorngate](:Category:Thorngate "wikilink"), stop in and rest awhile.*

**Builder:** Crom

## Directions

w, \[w\], from [Thorngate](:Category:Thorngate "wikilink") center

## Connections

Connects with [Thorngate Proper](:Category:Thorngate_Proper "wikilink")
to the east

## Navigation

[Woe The Sly](Woe_The_Sly "wikilink"), who is the lord general store, is
w, \[w\], s from center.

w, \[w\], n from center is [Bandu](Bandu "wikilink"), who sells empty
drinks at his bar.

w, \[w\], w from center is the [Old Hunter](Old_Hunter "wikilink") who
is the archer shop.

all w, u is where the killable portion of this area starts.

## Adventuring

All the killable mobs in this area are reboot only. Since they're lord
mobs, you should count on them being aggie.

From center go all w, u, e, and kill the [Githzerai
Mage](Githzerai_Mage "wikilink"). Get his key, it's used to unlock the
door to the east.

Kill [Ulgrat](Ulgrat "wikilink"). He's a bit bigger. He has another key.

The next two mobs are det so many groups choose to stop here.

East from [Ulgrat](Ulgrat "wikilink")'s room are two detting [Githzerai
Guards](Githzerai_Guard "wikilink"). Huge surprise, in this room you get
another key.

North from the gith guards is [Smeed](Smeed "wikilink"). He's in a
nofight room, but his description talks about killing him...wonky.
There's a chest in his room with another key in it.

Use that key on the door north of [Ulgrat](Ulgrat "wikilink") and you'll
be in a nospell room. East of that are 5 [Golden
Guardians](Golden_Guardian "wikilink") that are very gassy. So far I've
found the best approach to killing this room is bringing a group of 2
casters, a tank, and a healer. If you don't bring a healer chances are
the gas will kill your casters before you clear the room. If your
casters are particularly buff (and wear [saving-throw
gear](:Category:Lord_Save_Vs_Spell_Gear "wikilink")) then you might be
able to do it without a healer.

Each of the five [Golden Guardians](Golden_Guardian "wikilink") holds
two fizora gemstones. So if you clear the room your group gets to split
1m coins. Not a bad deal in my book. The guardians room alone is worth
about \~140exp each for a group of 4.

[Category:Lord Areas](Category:Lord_Areas "wikilink")
[Category:Thorngate](Category:Thorngate "wikilink")
