It would be nice to see a table like the one on the main page here
instead of the listings as they are. I haven't played with wiki tables
at all or I'd jump in myself. It's nothing major, but if anyone has some
spare time and wants to do it I think it'd look and feel better ;-).
--[JonDooger](User:JonDooger "wikilink") 04:01, 2 February 2006 (EST)

## This Category

What's the point? I can see having it and making it a super-category to
the more descriptive categories, but why is every piece of gear being
added here? It is entirely useless to see an alphabetical list of all of
the gear on mid. --[Mel](User:Mel "wikilink") 11:49, 13 February 2006
(EST)

Hmmm. Offhand, I can't think of any uses for such a list, either,
actually. Perhaps someone else can. I can't see that it's doing anyone
any harm by our having it. I guess I just figured... (1) we had already
lists of every area, every map, et cetera, and (2) well, why not?
Anyway... --[Dave Garber](User:DaveGarber1975 "wikilink") 17:13, 13
February 2006 (EST)

Okay cool. One of our initial requirments was to only put nodes in the
most specific category they can be in, so the sub-category hero tank
gear can be placed in the category hero gear which can be in the
category gear. But an item of hero tank gear should not be in all 3.
I'll write some sql to clean this up when I get around to it.

Ah! Somehow I missed or forgot about that requirement (oops!). And I
suppose that there are advantages to doing things that way, as well.
Anyway, I'd be happy to go through each object page one-by-one myself
(and, in this one case, maybe having every item of gear in one category
may acually be handy--hee hee!) and make them all conform to this
standard so that you can focus on more important things. I apologize if
I've been causing you any headaches ("man, what on earth is that crazy
Dave guy gonna tinker with next?") and I very much appreciate your
feedback. --[Dave Garber](User:DaveGarber1975 "wikilink") 20:13, 13
February 2006 (EST)

  
I'd like to debate that one initial requirement. In some cases it can be
more useful to add items to multiple categories. In this case though,
it's pretty redundant to do so. And I have yet to come up with a case
where it isn't, but it will come to me eventually :)
--[Llanor](User:MooNFisH "wikilink") 09:04, 7 February 2007 (CST)

## Gear?

I've always thought gear to be something that could be worn. I never
considered a potion or a piece of bread to be gear, but apparently they
are by this category system. I'm wondering how that ever got in, and if
people agree with me that it would be better off changed to something
more appropriate. --[Llanor](User:MooNFisH "wikilink") 16:46, 18
February 2007 (CST)

  
I always thought this, as well. At one point, in fact, I tried to
reorganize things so that Gear included wearable objects and Stuff
included non-wearable objects. So, we had both "Gear in Midgaard" and
"Stuff in Midgaard" categories and so forth. But Mel and/or Waite didn't
like this and, so, that's why things are the way that they are now, with
Gear including everything. --[Dave
Garber](User:DaveGarber1975 "wikilink") 20:52, 18 February 2007 (CST)
