*On the outskirts of Eragora lies a small village which is the halfling
inhabitant's best shot at a normal life. It's not really that, as the
locals are still enslaved by the half-orc regime; but they have enough
time to chase dreams and make merry. Still, their poverty and misery is
unmistakable, and are slowly taking their toll. There are rumors of a
resistance, some ragtag band of rebels determined to overthrow their
cruel masters, but is there really any hope? Or will they be spending
most their lives living in a halfling's paradise?*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Mekrith

## Directions

Walking route from [Eragora default
recall](Eragora_default_recall "wikilink"): 2s, d, 6e, 2s, 2e, 2s, e,
2s, 4e, 2s, 2e, d, 2e, 3s, e

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [clam
girl](Clam-Digger "wikilink"), [old halfling
fisherman](Halfling_Fisherman "wikilink").

## Connections

-   [Halfling Tunnels](:Category:Halfling_Tunnels "wikilink")
-   [Quarries and Mines](:Category:Quarries_and_Mines "wikilink")
-   [Sun God Altar](:Category:Sun_God_Altar "wikilink")

## Navigation

The area is two-layered, with the top layer being only partially cursed,
and lower layer being fully cursed. There are multiple connections
between the two layers, so it can be run in a non-linear fashion.

Only three rooms are water rooms, and these can be avoided easily.

## Adventuring

The area features an very high ratio of aggressive mobs to
non-aggressive ones, and all the mobs see hidden and invisible, as well
as hit very hard. Soloing is very difficult even for large casters, so
the area should be run in proper groups. The lower layer features even
harder mobs and the area's grand finale,
[Deacon](Deacon_(Halfling's_Paradise) "wikilink") is an epic mob, a
situation not helped by his two large sidekicks. Attack him only in
large groups to be *safe*.

Alignment is evil for the most part with some exceptions of the
non-aggie mobs and the Nerve Center room mobs, so there should not be
any alignment issues.

Area also offers some nice quests and is intriguingly written, so
adventures might find something interesting to do here and discover, and
obtain some very nice gear items.

Area does not auto CR with the exception of the hardest room, the
Deacon's. Dying to Deacon or his cronies will auto-CR the player, should
you wander in by accident, fortunately.

## Comments

**CR info:** If you are battling the Deacon and see you are going to
loose, which is not all that unexpected, do not make a mistake of
panicking and trying to flee. You will flee east into the guards and
will make your CR a much more difficult affair. Rather, mana permitting,
calm and teleport out, or, assuming you are out of mana (the primary
reason of dying, usually), just let him kill you for the free auto-CR.

Once in the local cloud with your corpse at your feet, remember there is
a stationary aggie mob 1w from you. So, grab your stuff and recall out
(this local cloud is antimagic) or rest a bit for the hps, and then
sneak past him, if possible.

**Random note:** A 999 drg mag/wzd will likely not survive Deacon and
his guards due to not having enough mana. s5 disints are not very mana
efficient, there is no helping that. If at all possible, target Deacon
and calm/teleport out when he dies.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Eragora](Category:_Eragora "wikilink")
