[Centaur Hollow](:Category:_Centaur_Hollow.md "wikilink"): population
25. Usually less, except during special [centaur](Centaur.md "wikilink")
gatherings, but lately swollen due to
[Westwood](:Category:_Westwood.md "wikilink")'s darklin infestation,
both with [centaur](Centaur.md "wikilink") refugees and with those who
have come from both near and far to help them in retaking their native
[Westwood](:Category:_Westwood.md "wikilink") from these evil darklin.
Each [mob](:Category:_Mobs.md "wikilink") here has his/her own story to
share and most are happy to do so; and, as they speak, they may even
unknowingly share a clue or two that can be used to solve [Centaur
Hollow](:Category:_Centaur_Hollow.md "wikilink")'s present big mystery.
Between getting to know one other, these
[mobs](:Category:_Mobs.md "wikilink") may also be seen performing
domestic chores within a [centaurish](Centaur.md "wikilink") cavern
home, struggling to hone their combat skills, or enjoying an impromptu
archery contest in a grotto, among other activities. Be careful, though,
for [one of them](Voracious_Doppelganger.md "wikilink") is not what he
appears to be! More detail regarding each of [Centaur
Hollow](:Category:_Centaur_Hollow.md "wikilink")'s
[mobs](:Category:_Mobs.md "wikilink") may be found on its respective
page listed below.

[Category: Mobs](Category:_Mobs "wikilink") [Category: Centaur
Hollow](Category:_Centaur_Hollow "wikilink")
