*Built out of the ashes of Before, Mervue is a small coastal city
attempting to forget the past. Situated south of
[Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard.md "wikilink"), it receives a lot of
trade from both land dwellers and sea folk, helping to boost its
unstable economy. The city's official ruler, per se, is [Lord
Audis](Lord_Audis.md "wikilink"), who governs from [his
manor](:Category:_Lord_Audis'_Villa.md "wikilink") just east of the
north entrance to Mervue. Visitors should be warned that the city has
put into place a [justice system](:Category:_Lawful_Areas.md "wikilink")
for those who try to cause problems, in an attempt to stave more issues
like Before.*

**Level Range:** 23-30

**Builder:** [Zahri](User:AlexyAnna.md "wikilink")

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 21s.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Giles](Giles.md "wikilink"), [ent banker](Banker.md "wikilink").

## Connections

## Navigation

## Adventuring

For some backstory on this area, teleport to the storyteller and kill
him for his [notes](notes "wikilink").

There are some very good xp mobs here. However, to avoid an outlaw flag
it's important to know which as some are citizen mobs. The guards who
walk in will steal your kills (or attack you, if you're of low
alignment).

To date I've found the beggars, warlock, thieves, rogues, dockworkers,
crone, jester, fool, mermaid (southeast of the area) to be safe to kill.
Avoid hitting any shopkeepers, the female youth (orphan, I believe), the
tax collector, the banker, etc.

[Category: Lawful Areas](Category:_Lawful_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Lowmort 21-30 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_21-30_Areas "wikilink")
[Category: Incomplete](Category:_Incomplete "wikilink")
