*The Odevar Hills, a range of round rolling elevations and valleys,
mostly covered with short stubby grass alone, lies like a frozen sea
below the western skies. Its southern reaches blend smoothly with the
outskirts of [Westwood](:Category:_Westwood "wikilink"), while in the
north the sudden rise of rock-faces make the passage onward to [Mt.
Durr](:Category:_Mt_Durr "wikilink") a hard exercise. As burial mounds,
waystones and not least the name prove: the Odevar have occupied this
range for a long time. Even so there are no settlements worth
mentioning, because the tribes still long for and dream of the lost part
of their country further to the west. Until now the Odevar have been
unwilling to declare this part of the northwestern reaches their home,
but everything can change...*

**Level Range:** 18-25

**Builder:** Pulse

## Directions

Walking route from [Sol](Sol "wikilink"): 3e, 2n, 3e, 5n, 4w.

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 14n, 8w, 3n, 10w.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Osreva](Osreva,_King_Of_The_Odevar "wikilink"), [Khoridvar Clan
Chief](Khoridvar_Clan_Chief "wikilink"), [huge
troll](Huge_Troll "wikilink").

## Connections

The [area](:Category:_Areas "wikilink") lies between [Mt.
Durr](:Category:_Mt_Durr "wikilink") to the north and
[Westwood](:Category:_Westwood "wikilink") to the south. Furthermore, it
can be reached from the [River Folk](:Category:_River_Folk "wikilink")
area.

## Navigation

## Adventuring

[Category: Lowmort 11-20
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink") [Category: Lowmort
21-30 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_21-30_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Incomplete](Category:_Incomplete "wikilink")
