*Pirates tell tales of a beautiful island on the very edge of the
[ocean](:Category:_Sea_Of_Strayed_Hopes.md "wikilink") where no pirate
has ever returned. They call it 'Greed's Gallows', yet no one knows why.
Lately, the story of this cursed island has been revived. A handful of
people say they have heard rumors of a robed man trying to persuade
sailors to venture there; even though [Lord
Audis](Lord_Audis.md "wikilink") has personally banned any sort of
sea-faring venture to such a dangerous place.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Yoyo

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 37s, 6w, s (note:
crosses [water terrain](Water_Terrain.md "wikilink")).

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [barrel
monkeys](Barrel_Of_Monkeys.md "wikilink") (note: wanders), [pod
manatees](Pod_Of_Manatees.md "wikilink") (note: wanders).

## Connections

A list of [areas](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") connected to the
Greed's Gallows:

-   [ Sea of Strayed
    Hopes](:Category:Sea_Of_Strayed_Hopes.md "wikilink").
-   [ A Private Hell](:Category:A_Private_Hell.md "wikilink").

## Navigation

This area is divided into two main parts. The top portion is non-cursed
with non-aggressive mobs. It is a rough circle with a mix of land and
water. In the center is a room that goes down to a small circle. In the
SW corner go down three times and up once to get back to the flip side
small circle. NW and up and you are in the lower cursed/aggie area.
There are some bigger mobs in each of the corners but it is still a
large rough circle.

## Adventuring

The "above area" (pp: [Barrel Of Monkeys](Barrel_Of_Monkeys "wikilink"))
is full of decent sized good-aligned mobs. This area is nice because
they neither assist nor aggie. If you wander around enough in the center
you'll find a room you can go down from, and then you'll get to the
lower part of the area (pp: [Pod Of
Manatees](Pod_Of_Manatees "wikilink")). From them you'll go down three
times, up once, north, west, and up (dddunwu) and you'll be in a area
that's great for xp, but cursed. It's full of pirates, sailors, and
adventuruers, along with crocodiles, snakes, and frogs. The animals
aggie, as do a few of the bigger mobs in the area, most noticably the
[Avatar Of Avarice](Avatar_Of_Avarice "wikilink") (big invis aggie mobs,
two of them in a room), the [Master Of This
Hell](Master_Of_This_Hell "wikilink"), and the [Blood-Thirsty
Butcher](Blood-Thirsty_Butcher "wikilink"). Butcher is notable for the
fact that he's demonfired, which makes him good for HDL setting. The
butcher eats corpses and the master animates, so watch out. There is
also a sanced [Enslaved Dark Dragon](Enslaved_Dark_Dragon "wikilink") in
a room with two invisible avatars of avarice. The dragon is part of the
[ruby fingerblades](Set_Of_Ruby_Fingerblades_Quest.md "wikilink") quest.
There is also a a part of the [quest](Panacea_Quest.md "wikilink") here
for a nice [div potion](Panacea_(potion).md "wikilink").

To get from bar monk down to the pod mana area, find the room with the
title "All Good Things Must come to an End". It only has an exit to the
east. from that room, go 4e, 1d and that takes you into the lower part.
There is no (easy)\* walking way out of the lower areas and it is all
cursed, so no recall. Make sure someone has portal (for a group) or
teleport (individuals).

\\\* There's a quest to do it; it involves the barrel maker and the
ghosts that appear when you kill certain mobs.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
