*Formally known as The Keep of The Righteous Storm. So named after
[Onaan](Onaan.md "wikilink"), a legendary hero among the citizens of the
northern frontier. The keep was built to house a generator for a barrier
that now protects the Kalades Pass. It was there that
[Onaan](Onaan.md "wikilink") entered the keep and never emerged. Shortly
after the barrier became operational Seraf Winterqueen, leader of the
invading army, cursed the keep. The guardians set to protect the keep
turned upon the guards garrisoned there and those slain in the keep now
stir in undeath, attacking any who dare enter the keep.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Crowe

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 19n, 3w, 5n, d, 3n,
w, n, w, 3n, u, 2n, e, 3n, w, n, w, 11n, 6e.

Walking route from [Big Fish](Big_Fish_In_Cold_Water.md "wikilink"): 6e.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Margoyle](Margoyle "wikilink") (aggressive).

## Connections

-   [Icewolf](:Category:Icewolf.md "wikilink")
    ([map](Icewolf_Map.md "wikilink"))
-   [Frozen Wastes](:Category:Frozen_Wastes.md "wikilink")
    ([map](Frozen_Wastes_Map.md "wikilink"))

## Navigation

Leading from [Icewolf](:Category:Icewolf.md "wikilink") is a short empty
stretch of rooms that connects to the [Frozen
Wastes](:Category:Frozen_Wastes.md "wikilink"), with the Stormkeep
proper northwards.

Entering the keep courtyard from the east and running around the keep to
the west, one can enter it and go upwards for two small floors. At the
end of the second floor is a statue that requires a ticket (found on the
[Icewolf](Icewolf_(mob).md "wikilink")) in the room prior - giving the
ticket to the statue (in a safe room) will transport the player upwards
to the final two floors - which are quest related and offer no
substantial xp.

## Adventuring

The ground floor of the keep and the courtyard offer the most xp, and
are a welcome change of scenery for those players waiting on [Frozen
Wastes](:Category:Frozen_Wastes.md "wikilink") repop during HoGs or even
regular runs. Note that most of the mobs on the ground floor (and above
as well) are undead, which may be relevant to priests.

The first floor is small and houses only a few undead mobs, and the
second one is even smaller - only [Icewolf](Icewolf_(mob).md "wikilink")
is here, carrying a key to the door north of it, and a ticket to be
given to the [Statue Of The Icewolf](Statue_Of_The_Icewolf "wikilink").
Doing so will transport the player upwards towards the third floor and
the Spectre of [Onaan](Onaan "wikilink"), the Righteous Storm, a quest
mob also in a safe room.

Berserkers and BCI - heed this warning: once you reach third floor the
only way out is via teleport or portal. Also, from Icewolf onwards, all
the rooms are private meaning getting another player in is a chore.

Should you (for some odd reason) be visiting Onaan during the [Whale
Whisper Quest](Whale_Whisper_Quest "wikilink"), keep in mind another
warning - after you submit the small dark orb you will actually be
transported to another, non-safe room with an aggressive version of
Onaan. Should you die here, getting to your corpse will require again
doing the quest from scratch - from the whimpering man in Icewolf, over
waiting for the Icewolf to repop, to another battle with an aggressive
Onaan! Also, due to private nature of this quest, it will be upon the
CR-er to solo these mediocre-difficulty battles.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
