*"The Stage of Suffering." That's what they call the floor of
[Noctopia's](:Category:Noctopia.md "wikilink") Obsidian Arena. It is the
plane's largest structure, and an everlasting monument to the cruelty of
the Dark Fae. They gather in the stands in large numbers, eager to rub
elbows with the Elite, and protected by automaton guards. [The Grand
Duke](Duke_Malafont.md "wikilink") uses the arena as a training ground
for his soldiers, feeding them any unlucky enough to become a captive of
the Dark Fae. Rumor holds that [a dark
prize](Shield_Of_Shadows.md "wikilink") awaits the Noctopian strong
enough to defeat all comers in the arena.*

**Builder:** Dev

## Directions

The best way to enter this area is to follow a northern hallway on the
western side of the "Iron Walkways" of [Under The
Stars](:Category:Under_The_Stars.md "wikilink").

## Connections

So far we've found at least three ways to enter this area. Besides the
entrance mentioned above, there's another north/south hallway from the
Iron Walkways. This entrance was nospell and swarmy when I first found
it. No clue if it's been changed since then.

There's also one or more up exits from [Obsidian Arena;
Floor](:Category:Obsidian_Arena;_Floor.md "wikilink") which lead to this
area. The room we entered had seven mobs. Three of them were
[Mindwardens](Mindwarden "wikilink"), which detonate. They show up on
scan as "A floating hive mind emits a violent storm of kinetic energy".
To make matters worse, the [Gatewatch Eyes](Gatewatch_Eye "wikilink")
(two of them) cast [Shard Storm](Shard_Storm "wikilink"), utterly
destroying anyone who's trying to make it through the det room naked.
They show up on scan as "A blood red eye opens in the silver circle atop
the gate". The other two mobs were [Obsidian
Watchmen](Obsidian_Watchman.md "wikilink"), which are spec_buttkicker
(bash/disarm). They show up on scan as "A malevolent red light stirs in
the eyes of this obsidian statue". Needless to say, we fled like
sissies.  
<font color=purple>(Devastant) "det mobs? we'll just get naked!" SHARDS!
FOR YOU! IN YOUR FLESH!</font>

While in the stands I've seen down exits that lead to the [arena
floor](:Category:Obsidian_Arena;_Floor.md "wikilink"). I have a feeling
that they're one-way exits, but this hasn't been confirmed.

## Navigation

"Her Ladyship's Stair" is to the north of the area. Wander north
scanning for "malevolent red eye stirs..." to the up, or track kipp.

## Adventuring

The only noteworthy feature of this area we've discovered is "Her
Ladyship's Stair". This is a series of nospell rooms that (eventually)
lead to [Baroness Kipparielle](Baroness_Kipparielle "wikilink") on her
Obsidian Throne, a bunch of other scary sounding fae. To get there head
north, looking for "malevo

In these rooms are two [Obsidian
Watchmen](Obsidian_Watchmen "wikilink"), who bash, disarm, and are
immune to archer damage. The rooms are surrounded by archers who
longshot [Doom Toxin](Doom_Toxin "wikilink") at your group. Also, the
archers surrounding the steps keep company with
[Deathwishes](Deathwish "wikilink"), so it's probably not a good idea to
try to clear them out. So far we've managed to clear one of these rooms,
only to find another one above it. No clue how many steps are on "Her
Ladyship's Stair" yet. If you're going to try to get to [the
baroness](Baroness_Kipparielle.md "wikilink") bring A LOT of war/bzk to
clear the room, along with pills/wands of cure poison.

[Category: Noctopia](Category:_Noctopia "wikilink") [Category: Lord
Areas](Category:_Lord_Areas "wikilink")
