Shift to [Airscape](:Category:Airscape "wikilink").

The [Mistmail](Mistmail "wikilink") is carried by the [Mist
Dragon](Mist_Dragon "wikilink"), a portable wandering mob. Once shift is
clear, portal to [Mist Dragon](Mist_Dragon "wikilink") and have a tank
enter quickly and attack it. Then have the rest of the group follow into
the portal. This mob isn't overly difficult but the area is extremely
gassy.

[Orius The Windprince](Orius_The_Windprince "wikilink") carries the
[Billowing Sleeves Of Vapor](Billowing_Sleeves_Of_Vapor "wikilink"), the
[Gold Belly Chain](Gold_Belly_Chain "wikilink") and the [Amulet Of
Guiding Wind](Amulet_Of_Guiding_Wind "wikilink"). [Oriad The
Windprincess](Oriad_The_Windprincess "wikilink") loads with the [Visor
Of Piercing Sight](Visor_Of_Piercing_Sight "wikilink"), the [Silver
Belly Chain](Silver_Belly_Chain "wikilink"), and the [Aurora
Bow](Aurora_Bow "wikilink"). The [Wisp](Wisp "wikilink") has the
[Unicorn Horn](Unicorn_Horn "wikilink"). All three of these mobs load in
the same room.

The standard strategy in this room is to target Orius and Wisp and fight
with single target attacks until they're both dead. Of the 3 mobs in
this room, Orius and Wisp are aggressive and will immediately attack
you. Oriad, who also hits very hard, will not normally attack you.
However, don't sleep in her room -- she is aggressive + wimpy and will
attack sleepers.

To reach them you need to have an archer with a bowie knife in the
group. After shift is clear portal to vortex. Enter the portal, kill the
vortex, and have the archer skin its corpse. This will create a portal
to an otherwise unaccessable part of the area, where the prince,
princess, & wisp are. Note that when you enter the portal you will be
taken directly to their room, so make your tank chain ahead of time, and
make sure the group is healthy before entering. At the same time, the
portal won't last forever, so don't delay too long.

The gear room only has three stationary mobs in it, but two of them are
archers who use [Lightning Arrows](Lightning_Arrows "wikilink"). Both
the archers can switch targets at will, and if they hit you with their
lightning you will be lagged for \~2 rounds. Therefore the tanks need to
be very dilligent in this room. Once the gear room is almost clear
[Oriad The Windprincess](Oriad_The_Windprincess "wikilink") will start
fleeing around and longshotting at you. Have the casters keep their
surge up until she is dead as well.

After the two archers are dead the menagerie is relatively benign, until
repop at least. If you are camping the menagerie, make sure to sleep two
rooms away from where the archers repop, or you will be rudely awakened
by longshotted [Lightning Arrows](Lightning_Arrows "wikilink") when they
return.

If you get bored with sleeping in the menagerie you can portal to the
[Mist Dragon](Mist_Dragon "wikilink") and grab some
[Mistmail](Mistmail "wikilink") while you wait. You will need to kill &
skin the vortex again, but that's not a huge deal.

[Category:Airscape Proper](Category:Airscape_Proper "wikilink")
[Category:Gear In Airscape](Category:Gear_In_Airscape "wikilink")
