*Drunk with the excitement of sneaking through Goblin Pass, unseasoned
adventurers mistook this company of ents as a forest, and a haunted one
at that, and dubbed it the Walking Woods. The goblins gradually took
refuge in the glen (and the ents) in order to better prey on passing
adventurers until Silverbeard of Stonehall dispatched a crew of rangers
to end their harassment. Unfortunately, none of those dwarves have been
seen since they entered the Walking Woods. Recently, the rumors of the
wood being haunted have been taken more seriously, and even the goblins
of Goblin Pass seem reluctant to retreat into the glen.*

**Level Range:** 15-20

**Builder:** [Neyne](User:Neyne.md "wikilink")

This [area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") was created for an
[area-building contest](Area-Building_Contests.md "wikilink") in 2005.  
This [area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") was added in 2006 Mar.  

## Directions

**Walking route from [Nom](Nom "wikilink"):** 4s, 6e, s, 2e, s, 2e, n.  
**Walking route from [Sol](Sol "wikilink"):** 15e, 5s, 2e, s, 2e, s, 2e,
n.  
**Walking route fro [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"):** 17w, n.  
[Portaling Point](Portal.md "wikilink") suggested: [Terrified
Goblin](Terrified_Goblin "wikilink").

## Connections

The only way in is from [Highways/Great
Wall](:Category:Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink") (Woodbridge Road),
but it should be noted that there is no way to walk out of this area.

## Navigation

The Walking Woods consist of a small forest clearing and a hidden
underground cavern. The clearing itself is composed of two levels, the
glen at ground level which is dominated by an enormous tree on its north
side, and the forest canopy higher up. The giant tree is partially
hollow, and some underground areas can be accessed through it.

## Adventuring

The forest glen has fallen victim to the blight of the undead.
[Zombified goblins](Undead_Goblin.md "wikilink") and [undead
ents](Undead_Ent.md "wikilink") mindlessly wander here. If adventurers
are especially perceptive, they might find some [ents still untouched by
undeath](Slumbering_Ent.md "wikilink") slumbering nearby. A giant tree
to the north has some uninvited guests; two entrances lead to two
underground caverns, both of which contain some undesirable encounters.
High above the glen, [Captain Balgaar](Captain_Balgaar "wikilink"), who
takes part in a quest for a level 20 one-or-two handed blunt weapon, and
his team of [rangers](Dwarven_Shooter.md "wikilink") hold their ground
against the roaming undead below.

Due to the fact there are no exits from this area beyond the first room
(Looming Trees), it is advisable to use this as a recall set point for
quick escape and return to the area. Most of the area is easily
recallable from, apart from the great tree to the north.

[Category: Lowmort 11-20
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink")
