*Far across the Sea of Strayed Hopes, way beyond any reliable maps, in
the territory marked 'Here Be Dragons', there are stranger things than
mere dragons, which can be found easily enough for the adventurer who
stays at home. Rumours in Mervue speak of Sphynxes, creatures of
unscrutable wisdom and piercing gaze that can see into one's heart and
hold a mirror up to their soul. The experience is said to be...
unplesant at best, and deadly at only slightly worse.*

*What secrets these creatures guard and their origin differs with each
telling of the story. Little seems truly known, save only that beyond
the Sphynx Gate, there is no easy return.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Izanagi

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 33s, give amethyst to
[Charon](Charon.md "wikilink").  
Walking route from [Eragora default
recall](Eragora_default_recall.md "wikilink"): 2s, 3w, n, 2w, n, 2w, 3n,
w, n, 2w, n, 5w, s, 2w, n, 2w. Warning: this path leads through the
[Rhuien Forest](:Category:Rhuien_Forest.md "wikilink"), and there are
many aggies along the way.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: None as of yet,
but area may be decursed in the future.

## Connections

A list of [areas](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") connected to Sphynx
Gate:

-   [Mervue](:Category:Mervue.md "wikilink") (via ferry).
-   [Rhuien Forest](:Category:Rhuien_Forest.md "wikilink").

## Navigation

Area is the connector zone for getting to and from
[Eragora](:Category:Eragora.md "wikilink"). It contains only a few rooms
and the massive twin Sphynx at the gate to Eragora proper.

## Adventuring

The twin Sphynx will debuff (see [Ablution](Ablution.md "wikilink"))
players passing though. The players will be automatically transported to
[Rhuien Forest](:Category:Rhuien_Forest.md "wikilink") starting room
which is not safe and may contain wandering aggressive mobs.

Since players can only pass one at a time and the process takes a while,
send tanks first, and remember to wear appropriate gear as soon as you
emerge as you will be naked.

If you dislike the idea of battling an aggressive mob while naked and
spell-less, recall reset prior to entering the Sphynx room. As soon as
you are abluted hit (spam if needed!) recall, and you will probably
recall before the mob has had a chance to attack you.

[Rhuien Forest](:Category:Rhuien_Forest.md "wikilink") does not do
Auto-CR, so avoiding death in this manner is preferable.

Scanning (from outside the gate on either side) or looking at the Sphynx
(within the room) will tell you how long until the current player is
through, by the amount of red in the Sphynx' description. Fully red
Sphynx means the room will be empty in a second or two.

Also, for curiosity's sake, there are actually 2 Sphynx rooms. It is
possible for a player to be both entering Eragora and for another player
to be exiting Eragora simultaneously. Thus, if you're scanning to see
how long until your groupies are through - you will only see them if
they went ahead of you, not if you passed before them since you will be
scanning in the wrong room, the opposite direction.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Eragora](Category:_Eragora "wikilink")
