*For many Centuries, [Lizard Folk](Lizardmen.md "wikilink") have told
fireside tales of a great Fellowship of the most Ancient of
[Dragons](Dragons.md "wikilink"), whose deeds shaped the very fabric of
History, since the days of Tiamat and Bahamut. They told of Gil-Rillion,
Queen of the Ocean and Mistress of all Creatures of the impenetrable
Deep and of Nehemiah the Fair, whose brazen scales glittered like fire.
They whispered the name of Seraf Winterqueen, who dwelt so far in the
north that none could reach her dominion alive, and Rauhn, rumored to be
the hidden power behind the Silver Brigade which many young [Lizard
Kin](Lizardmen.md "wikilink") still dream of joining. They spoke of
Azlaroc Serpentking, lord of all that Slithers, and Verdigris, and the
magnificent Copper Golems crafted in her image. They heard of Kahbyss,
dark and terrible, master of the [Black Circle
Assassins](:Category:_Black_Circle_Initiates.md "wikilink"), and
Kastinius the Bronze, the Loremaster. They listened to tales of
[Nigurathus](Nigurathus.md "wikilink") the Fire Red, likened to molten
lava, and of Ramahdon, wisest and most Ancient of All. Lately, rumors
say that several of these [Dragons](Dragons.md "wikilink") have been
seen gathering atop Devil's Peak, along with their various underlings.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Dev

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 19n, 3e, 5n, u, e, u, w,
n, u, n, u, 6n, w, u, n, u, e, u, n, w, s, u, n, u, s, 2u.

Walking route from [Tysiln San](Tysiln_San "wikilink"): 2s, u, n, u, s,
2u.

Walking route from [Svlad](Svlad_The_Very_Burly.md "wikilink"): 3s

Walking route from [Bergozr](Bergozr "wikilink"): w, s

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: none.

## Connections

This area connects from [North of
Ofcol](:Category:_North_Of_Ofcol.md "wikilink"), leading up from the top
of Devil's Peak, as well as [Cloud
Dracoleum](:Category:_Cloud_Dracoleum.md "wikilink").

## Navigation

Climb up to the top of the peak, and arrive on the western edge (in the
north-west corner) of what is essentially a large circle. The north,
south, east and west edges of the circle are all three rooms in length.
At its widest the circle is eleven rooms across, both along the
east-west and north-south axis. The very centre of the circle is a 3x3
collection of shafts of light, which seems to be the focus of the
draconic activity here. The centre, however, can only be accessed though
the [Great Summoning Quest](Great_Summoning_Quest "wikilink").

In various locations, you can climb up onto a spire and find any of the
eight dragons in this area. Four of the spires can be found two room
away from the central circle, in the cardinal directions. The other four
can be found between them, moving as does a knight on a chessboard.

## Adventuring

The dragons are all pretty tough, and some of them are rather tougher
than others. They do not have any gear you can pick up, and the xp
gained is probably not worth the effort. They are also highly
aggressive, unless you are doing their quests, in which case they are
likely to allow the player to approach. They will aggie lords instantly
but will not be aggressive to lowmorts. Their rooms and rooms directly
below them are free of other mobs (giving you peace and quiet to pay
attention to their quests).

The rest of the mobs all wander around on top of the mountain. There is
a mix of good and evil aligned mobs, so alignment will not change. XP
seems to be quite reasonable for a regular run. Also, like alot of Dev's
area, most of the mobs are wearing a significant amount of equipment.
Sadly most of it not really worth gathering, except if you want to sell
it on for gold afterwards. This means that they can hit a little harder
sometimes, and take a little less damage sometimes too. The behirs tend
to poison you, the lizardmen tend to tail you, and the golems take a
little less damage.

### Jade Dragon ambush quest

Sometimes when you're killing mobs in this area, you may spawn a fairly
large mob, the "Jade Dragon", who hits pretty hard.

It's not exactly clear what needs to be done to summon this mob.

There's an invisible mob who can be faerie fogged but who cannot be
attacked who spawns this mprog:

` c 'faerie fog'`  
` Ghost of a dragon is revealed!`  
` (in room) A ghost of a dragon can't be seen my mortals.`  
` (look dragon) `  
` This mob is used by the dragon ambush quest. Please beware of modifying this mob.`

The following combination and ordering of kills in short succession
summoned the dragon:

` A silver Knight`  
` A guardian behir`  
` A silver Knight`  
` A copper golem `  
` The copper war-maker `  
` The Silver Commander `  
` A copper golem`  
` A silver Champion`  
` A copper monstrosity`  
` The copper golem`  
` A troglodyte brute`  
` A slithering behir`  
` The mother xorn `  
` A slithering behir`  
` A large behir`  
` A giant behir`  
` A copper monstrosity `  
` A copper golem`  
` One of Nehemiah's guards`  
` A silver Champion`  
` A copper golem`  
` A guardian behir`  
` A copper golem`  
` A copper monstrosity`  
` A large behir`  
` A troglodyte thug`  
` A xorn `  
` A troglodyte warrior `  
` A giant behir`  
` A trog commandant`  
` The War Machine`  
` The copper war-maker`  
` The mother xorn `  
` A troglodyte brute`  
` An Elite Brigadier`  
` A guardian behir`  
` One of Nehemiah's guards`  
` A copper monstrosity`  
` An Elite Brigadier `  
` A slithering behir`

The dragon appeared after the group entered in the top-left room of the
area "The mountaintop" like this:

` The Jade Dragon appears in a swirling mist.`  
` With a deafening blast a green globe appears in the sky!`  
` An enormous jade dragon burst free from the glowing orb `

The dragon shows:

` It is the fabled Jade Dragon! This magnificent dragon is the stuff of`  
` legend. Its very existence is discussed in hushed tones in taverns`  
` throughout Midgaard.`  
` `

A moderately sized group got the dragon to 68% hp then fled; the group's
complement was 736 bud war/108 fig bzk/309 wvi rog/87 elf arc/256 dwf
fus/3 liz sor. In the 7 rounds the jade dragon was active, it attacked
for 7 rounds. Its low damage to the BuD tank was \*\*\*DISMEM, high was
\*\*\*MANGLING in a round.

After killing the Jade Dragon, a scale is dropped that can be turned in
to [Jake The Thorn-Slayer](Jake_The_Thorn-Slayer "wikilink") for a
random hero perfect gem.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
