*You have heard rumors of a fantastic inn called the Veil of Ecstasy,
though none are truly sure of its location. According to legend, few who
find this place ever want to leave. Once, a drunken
[elven](Elves.md "wikilink") bard told you a story of a group of evil
[psions](:Category:_Psionicists.md "wikilink") called the Cult of
Ecstasy who steal dreams to further their own power. Nobody knows for
certain if the Cult has any connection to the fabled inn.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Dev

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 14n, 8w, 3n, 9w, n,
2u, e, u, 2n, e, \[e\], \[n\], \[e\], \[d\], d, e, n, 5e, 3n, 3e, s, 3w,
\[n\], \[w\], 2w.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[leper](Leper.md "wikilink").

## Connections

-   [Deepways](:Category:Deepways.md "wikilink")

## Navigation and Adventuring

This is a huge [hero area](:Category:_Hero_Areas.md "wikilink") with
lots of good gear too. Definitely worth a look. There are several
portions. Some general tips: There are several mindbender sprites here
which can [psyphon](psyphon "wikilink"), [awe](awe "wikilink"),
[scramble](scramble "wikilink"),
[overconfidence](overconfidence "wikilink"), [dread](dread "wikilink")
and [panic](panic "wikilink"). Wearing save vs spell gear will help you
avoid scramble and dread most of the time. You'll still get
overconfidenced regularly though.

[Leper](Leper "wikilink") is the main pp (he steals money unless you're
hidden). n, e from there is the inn. You can find a few [
guardians](Veiled_Guardian.md "wikilink") here and in the inn with [
chained sickles](Chained_Sickle.md "wikilink"). They can't see move
hidden, so you can avoid them if you want. north is the inn, with the
aggie [ innkeeper](Innkeeper.md "wikilink"). The inn has four portions.
Most of the inn is cursed, so be ready for a tricky CR if you die.

Down from innkeeper are a few psitorturers and prisoners.

Up from innkeeper is the second floor of the inn. Here you can find
[Cyskadella](Cyskadella "wikilink") with the [shiny brass
key](Shiny_Brass_Key.md "wikilink") â€“ needed to open the door to
[Eschard](Eschard "wikilink")'s room and access the nightmares portion
of the area. You can also find some guardians and [
cultists](Cultist_Of_Ecstasy.md "wikilink") here (some with and some
without bows). The cultists carry the [single silver archer's
gauntlet](Single_Silver_Archer's_Gauntlet.md "wikilink").

All north from innkeeper is [Warla](Warla "wikilink") who carries the
[Hand Crossbow](Hand_Crossbow "wikilink"). Drinking from the fountain in
[Warla](Warla "wikilink")'s room will take you to the dreams portion of
the inn. There are cultists, dreams and sprites here. All of them
wander. The cultists (except the tripping cultist) are good xp and so
are the sprites (though they are sanced). The dreams are somewhat less
xp. There are a couple of rooms here titled "A dream of escape", which
are non-cursed and safe (no mobs wander into them).

n, {w} from innkeeper (use the shiny key from
[Cyskadella](Cyskadella "wikilink") or [pick](Pick_Lock.md "wikilink")
the lock) is [Eschard](Eschard "wikilink")'s room. Eschard detonates and
is in a nospell room, so he's usually speedwalked. If you get caught,
flee and try again. Entering the window from
[Eschard](Eschard "wikilink") will take you to the nightmares portion of
the inn. This is the biggest and funnest portion with a very high mob
density (very good place to acid rain). There are various kinds of mobs
here (in increasing order of xp):

a\) Mutilated males (headless, armless and various other kinds) are the
most common mobs. They're not aggie.

b\) Pain elementals.

c\) Dream Basilisk (bite can poison and disease).

d\) Shadow on the moon (is invis, but can be deduced using infravision).

d\) Lady Cruelty (on scan as a "wicked woman tries to seduce you").

e\) Torture, father of the pain elementals (good xp).

f\) Various sprites (all sanced and mindbenders).
[Ophanya](Ophanya "wikilink") carries the [ short, black wooden
pike](Short,_Black_Wooden_Pike.md "wikilink") and [ silver astral
gauntlets](Silver_Astral_Gauntlets.md "wikilink").

g\) Various nightmares (good xp).

h\) The ultimate nightmare (southeastish and down). There are 4 Ultimate
Nightmares, all very aggressive. First one is "just" a flame breather.
But your nightmare isn't over. The second one is a corpse eater. What,
you're still alive? The third one is a detonator. Were you planning on
dying? Because the last one is a stomper. Sneak/move and invis will not
protect you. There are no obvious exits from this room, so berserkers
beware.

There are a couple of safe rooms here. The nightmares are in rooms by
themselves and thus are safe after you kill them (until they repop). The
Giant's nightmare (having a hero sling) is non-aggie and thus safe. The
room just above the ultimate nightmare is also safe.

The mutilated males are not generally worth it to kill by themselves,
but since there are so many of them, you can sometimes acid rain a big
room. As always, use a charged shield with arc lightning when acid
raining. Since all the mobs wander, you can generally find a room where
they are bunched up together and so you can acid rain them.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
