Recommended group size: 10 - 15

In order to reach the gear portion of this area you'll need to have a
[Fae Rune For 'Hope'](Fae_Rune_For_'Hope' "wikilink") for each groupie.
If you have close to enough runes before starting the run, you will be
able pick up the rest by killing [Young Fae](Young_Fae "wikilink") in
[Memory Lane](:Category:Memory_Lane "wikilink").

From [Astral](:Category:Astral "wikilink") shift you need to follow this
exact path: 2nusd2wneuse2dnw2sd3endwn2u (nnusdwwneuseddnwssdeeendwnuu)

If you misstep you cannot get back on the path, so it is important that
you don't leave groupies or psi weapons behind when moving. If this
happens to you early in the run you can try recalling and starting over.
If it happens later you can consider running [Gear In Astral
Plane](:Category:Gear_In_Astral_Plane "wikilink") or [Memory
Lane](:Category:Memory_Lane "wikilink") experience instead, or you could
just go [home](:Category:Thorngate "wikilink") dejected and defeated.

[Memory Lane](:Category:Memory_Lane "wikilink") can be very swarmy, but
large portions of the path can clear up all of a sudden. Be prepared to
move multiple rooms in a row if the opportunity presents itself.

Once you reach the last few steps of the path (the ups) keep an eye out
on scan for the [Dark Queen
Zydarielle](Dark_Queen_Zydarielle "wikilink"), who wields the [Long Bow
"Deep Shadow"](Long_Bow_"Deep_Shadow" "wikilink"). She's not too tough,
but she's worth keeping an eye out for, especially if your tanks are low
on hp.

Once you complete the path above you will be in a room titled "The
Transformation". This room is a safe room and
[Lloydable](Lloydable "wikilink") but you can be longshotted by the
Queen Zydarielle. If you want you can have a psi/mnd cast [Planar
Anchor](Planar_Anchor "wikilink") to recruit more groupies. This is a
good idea if some people need to leave early, or if you feel that you're
not big enough for the gear mobs. Unless your group is overkill for the
run it's probably a good idea to regen full and respell here. Before you
move on from this room make sure that everyone in the group has a [Fae
Rune For 'Hope'](Fae_Rune_For_'Hope' "wikilink") in their inventory.

Once you're confident that you're ready to face the gear portion of the
area, have a tank go up and target evil, and have another tank give hope
good. Once they do this have the rest of the group follow suit. This
will bring you to the first of five rooms of increasing difficulty. Each
room has a key unlocking the next room to the north. If you're timing
the repop, try to make it fall in the room that yields the
[Nethershroud](Nethershroud "wikilink"), the [Tuatar Battle
Tunic](Tuatar_Battle_Tunic "wikilink"), or the [Golden
Dragonskull](Golden_Dragonskull "wikilink"), as opposed to the [Boots Of
The Righteous Path](Boots_Of_The_Righteous_Path "wikilink"). Once you
kill [Sygerion](Sygerion "wikilink") and his cronies you can go down to
reach a [Homeshiftable](Homeshift "wikilink") room.

[Category:Memory Lane](Category:Memory_Lane "wikilink") [Category:Gear
In Astral](Category:Gear_In_Astral "wikilink")
