*Near the [Borley Mansion](:Category:_Borley_Manor "wikilink") in the
northern mountains lies an ancient Keep in ruins. Rumor says it was
occupied by [Drow](Drow "wikilink") long ago during a battle with the
[Duergar](Duergar "wikilink"). Another rumor says it was built by early
[Ofcol](:Category:_Ofcol "wikilink") settlers but abandoned for a more
forgiving climate at the foot of the mountains. Although no two tales
agree on the identity of Shadow Keep's former inhabitants, they all say
that the Keep is always shrouded in shadows, even on the sunniest of
summer days, and that whatever lives there now is very, very evil.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Quietus

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 19n, 3e, 5n, u, e, u, w,
n, u, n, u, 5n, 4e, 2n, 2u.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [hound
dog](Feral_Hunting_Hound "wikilink") (note: there are several and they
wander), [rotting corpse](Rotting,_Animated_Corpse "wikilink") (note:
there are many and they wander).

## Connections

-   [North Of Ofcol](:Category:North_Of_Ofcol "wikilink")
    ([map](North_Of_Ofcol_Map "wikilink"))

## Navigation

The area has five major parts:

-   The entrance from North of Ofcol, populated bu the [hound
    dogs](Feral_Hunting_Hound "wikilink") and some wraiths, uncursed,
-   The keep, ground floor with a few mobs and access to the [Carrion
    Crawler](Carrion_Crawler "wikilink"), cursed,
-   The keep, upper floor - not particularly notable, cursed,
-   The keep, lower floor - mostly cursed, linking the keep to the
-   Graveyard, home of the [rotting
    corpses](Rotting,_Animated_Corpse "wikilink"), a popular place for
    small lowhero solo xp, uncursed.

## Adventuring

Shadow Keep, better known as rot cor/hound dog, is one of the easiest
hero areas to run. It is slightly better than peasants/yaks for low hero
groups as most mobs do not assist (unlike
[yaks](:Category:Shashwat_Nisha "wikilink")), and it is not frequently
run by lowmorts (unlike [Sir
Michael's](:Category:Sir_Michael's_Stronghold "wikilink") area).

Portalling to rot cor or rot veg will take you to the graveyard where
the rotting corpses are. They are the mainstay of many a rogue soloer,
as their wimpy is set quite high (relative to their hp) and any decent
classed rogue could make them flee at 101 with backstab and one
attacking round. The rotting corpses are not agaggressive and do not
assist, but they will attack sleepers and pick items up off the ground.
North of the graveyard is a small twisted path where some [Decaying Mass
Of Vegetation](Decaying_Mass_Of_Vegetation "wikilink") lie: these have
similar hp to rotting corpses, but do not flee, and have hero wields.
The waterfall north of the vegs is a safe room; in the pool is an
invisible crystal key that unlocks the room north, which contains the
[Paladin's Ghost](Paladin's_Ghost "wikilink") carrying the [Shield Of
Heroes](Shield_Of_Heroes "wikilink"). He is sanced, level 80, and
invisible, so heroes must use an area spell to get the mob to attack.

There are two [wraiths](Wraith_(Shadow_Keep) "wikilink") you can find by
going all the way to the south end of the graveyard (Room desc "The
Ruined Gate"); they are a bit bigger level than the zombies, and
invisible; sleeping here will cause them to attack you.

In the middle of the graveyard is a locked room crypt (which has no
key); going through it will take you into the tunnels connecting to the
keep. In the first room there is the [Shadow
Prince](Shadow_Prince "wikilink") and
[shadows](Shadow_Phantom "wikilink"); the shadows are easy to kill and
also flee easily, but watch for the Prince as he is sanced and has an
8/8 hero piercing wield (anti-good, dark). Use "look sha" before
killing. Going down from the prince will take you to more shadows; you
can safely go south from here, but beware the four [stone
guardians](Stone_Guardian_(Shadow_Keep) "wikilink") that stand in the
middle of the connecting tunnel: they are aggressive and stomp gear.
Sometimes one stone guardian repops a room west of the rest, so be sure
to scan before chasing mobs. They're good xp.

The second portal point, hound dog, will take you to a small area in
front of the keep. The hound dogs in this area are similar to the
corpses except there are fewer of them. Going south and down will take
you back to [North of Ofcol](:Category:North_Of_Ofcol "wikilink"), the
closed door north will take you inside the Keep. There are a few towers
in the area surrounding the keep: the "On the roof" rooms up from the
towers are safe, but watch for two wraiths in the bottom floor of the
tower which has a locked door west.

Be careful entering the Keep, as there is no way back outside of it once
you enter, save for the chapel to the north of the ground floor, which
is uncursed. Two north of the entrance are closed doors east and west;
to the east is a [cave bear](Stuffed_Cave_Bear "wikilink") of average
difficulty, and to the west are a pair of
[shadows](Shadow_Phantom "wikilink") that flee. North of this is the
cracked fountain, where more [rotting
vegetations](Decaying_Mass_Of_Vegetation "wikilink") are. North of this
is an [invisible sanced mob](Priest's_Ghost "wikilink") which holds the
key to the locked room north. The room north of this is the only
noncursed area inside the keep; also look for a 2x [heal
scroll](Crumbling_Scroll "wikilink") in the altar.

North and west of the cracked fountain is [another invisible
mob](Librarian's_Ghost "wikilink"); this one is not sanced but does hold
a wield. West of this ghost is a room with two [suits of
armor](Suit_Of_Armor_(Shadow_Keep) "wikilink"), both pinked, and
carrying -6/-6 wields.

Going straight west from the fountain will take you to some [insane
servants](Mind-Mad_Servant "wikilink"). They are of average hero mob
difficulty, but will assist. To the end of the west hall and up will
take you to a bunch of bedrooms with more servants and a sanced [Closet
Monster](Closet_Monster "wikilink"). It will bite and poison, so
normally the monster is skipped unless the group can kill it quickly.

Back down to the fountain, east, and north will take you to the dining
area. To the east of this is a few [aggressive
servants](Crazed_Servant "wikilink"), and under them is the [Carrion
Crawler](Carrion_Crawler "wikilink"), which has the [Ring Of
Truth](Ring_Of_Truth "wikilink") (hero finger ac gear). However, the
carrion crawler eats corpses, so this part is normally skipped (in fear
of fleeing down). Once the crawler is defeated, you must recall or
teleport out, there is no way back up into the keep.

All the way east and down from the fountain is the prisoner area; the
key is on the guard's corpse. West and both north/south from the guard
are [skeletons](Imprisoned_Skeleton "wikilink"); they are considerably
easier than the other mobs in this area. More skeletons are available 3
west and north from the guard; 3 west and south from the guard has a
secret exit west leading into the tunnel that connects the keep and the
graveyard. There are more shadows in this tunnel, and two wraiths in "A
dead end" where the room description says "You are not alone..."... and
also the [stone guardians](Stone_Guardian_(Shadow_Keep) "wikilink")!
Scan before moving.

## Comments

On October 2012, the area was slightly revised by Scevine to include the
[Order's Last Mission Quest](Order's_Last_Mission_Quest "wikilink"),
which concludes the area's backstory and answers some open questions
about the Keep's history.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
