*The [town of Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink") is built
on the shores of the Great Lake, Crystalmir. Rumors say that there is a
[belt made of pure ice crystals](Belt_Of_Crystalmir.md "wikilink") from
the heart of the lake, frozen in winter. It is said to be guarded by
living [golems](Golems.md "wikilink") of pure crystal somewhere near the
lake shore.*

**Level Range:** 5-15

**Builder:** Strahd

## Directions

Walking route from [Nom](Nom.md "wikilink"): n, 8w, 11s.

Walking route from [Sol](Sol.md "wikilink"): 3e, 11s.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Goldmoon](Goldmoon.md "wikilink").

## Connections

This area is south of the [Town of
Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink").

This is a fairly large and diverse area, which also connects quite a few
areas south of [Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink"). You
can reach the [White Stone
Road](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink"),
[Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink"),
[Grunka's](:Category:_Grunka's_Kombat_Skool.md "wikilink"), [Fewmaster's
Folly](:Category:_Fewmaster's_Folly.md "wikilink"), [Paradise
Point](:Category:_Paradise_Point.md "wikilink"),
[Rivers](:Category:_Rivers_Of_Avatar.md "wikilink"), and [World
Tree](:Category:World_Tree.md "wikilink") by travelling through this
area.

## Navigation

The west and south sections of this area feature the wandering
hobgoblins, and [Fewmaster Toede](Fewmaster_Toede "wikilink").
[Goldmoon](Goldmoon "wikilink") sits at the connecting rooms for
Crystalmir Lake and [White Stone
Road](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink"). The lake is at the
center of this area, and adventurers can go underwater to get exp or
fight the [Turtle Dragon](Turtle_Dragon "wikilink"). North of the lake
are farmlands, where one can find many farmers if their gear is desired.
Just north of the lake is a strip of land under the waterfalls, where
one can find the mobs one needs to battle for the [Belt Of
Crystalmir](Belt_Of_Crystalmir "wikilink"). See the Adventuring section
and the map for more details.

## Adventuring

The general difficulty of the most common
[mobs](:Category:_Mobs.md "wikilink"), in increasing order, is:

-   Hobgoblin Flunky
-   Rats
-   Farmers
-   Fish
-   Barraccudas

This of course doesn't include "special" mobs like
[Goldmoon](Goldmoon.md "wikilink"), [Riverwind](Riverwind "wikilink"),
or the Farmer.

As a rule, the [mobs](:Category:_Mobs.md "wikilink") [will
assist](Assistive_Mobs.md "wikilink") here, so be careful fighting in
large [rooms](:Category:_Rooms.md "wikilink"). There are also
[hidden](Hide_Flag.md "wikilink") [wandering
mobs](Wandering_Mobs.md "wikilink") akin to the field rats in
[Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink"), so even though a
[room](:Category:_Rooms.md "wikilink") may appear safe, be wary of other
[hidden](Hide_Flag.md "wikilink") [mobs](:Category:_Mobs.md "wikilink")
[assisting](Assistive_Mobs.md "wikilink").

You may come across Fewmaster Toede in your travels through the area. He
is a smallish [aggy](Aggressive_Mobs.md "wikilink") who has
[sanc](Black_Aura.md "wikilink") and a wield. He's not terribly
difficult, but he could catch a lower [hp](Hit_Points.md "wikilink")
[character](:Category:_Characters.md "wikilink") off guard.

Directly south and east of the Solace entrance you will find
[Goldmoon](Goldmoon.md "wikilink"). She will act as a
[healer](:Category:_Healers.md "wikilink") and cast spells on you if you
are below level 10, but her room is \_not\_
[nofight](Safe_Rooms.md "wikilink"), so you are not safe from Toede
here. Up and north will take you to the White Stone Road
([Highways/Great Wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink"))
and the trail around [Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink").

The area south of [Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink") has
various wandering [hobgoblins](Hobgoblins.md "wikilink"), farmers, and
rats eating grain, none of which are terribly difficult. 2swn from the
[Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink") entrance will land you
in [Grunka's](:Category:_Grunka's_Kombat_Skool.md "wikilink").

The lake itself is located 3w from the
[Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink") entrance. Going d will
take you underwater into a looping maze filled with alternating rooms of
fish and barraccuda. Both [will assist](Assistive_Mobs.md "wikilink"),
and the barraccuda [will aggy](Aggressive_Mobs.md "wikilink"), so be
\_very\_ careful if you choose to go down here unspelled.

wnw from the [Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink") entrance
will take you to the [Rivers](:Category:_Rivers_Of_Avatar.md "wikilink")
area that holds the mini-quest for the [belt of
Crystalmir](Belt_Of_Crystalmir.md "wikilink"). Continuing to walk west
will bring you back to the other side of the shore.

All west, all north, and west will bring you to the smoldering campsite.
From here you can go west to [Fewmaster's
Folly](:Category:_Fewmaster's_Folly.md "wikilink"), south to [Paradise
Point](:Category:_Paradise_Point.md "wikilink"), or you can pull the
[bracer](Bright_Silver_Bracer.md "wikilink") out of the fire for a +mv
+hp +str anti-good wrist item. Don't wander too far south into [Paradise
Point](:Category:_Paradise_Point.md "wikilink") if you're tiny though :)

West, all north, and all west will take you on a path to where [Descent
to Hell](:Category:_Descent_To_Hell.md "wikilink") used to be. The farm
dogs [will aggy](Aggressive_Mobs.md "wikilink"), and have the needed key
to get inside the house, but are not terribly difficult. The pooh bear
inside is of moderate difficulty. There used to exist a book in the
child's room that would bring you into [ Descent To Hell
](:Category:_Descent_To_Hell.md "wikilink") but that area is now
grandfathered.

Finally, if you wander in the southwestern corner of the map, keep an
eye out for the Farmer and the room full of robed figures - the former
has a wield and is a bit tougher, the latter are bigger mobs that (you
guessed it) [will assist](Assistive_Mobs.md "wikilink") if you start
attacking.

## External Links

A frozen copy of Crystalmir Lake is available for exploration courtesy
of the Aethar Project: [Rock
Outcropping](http://www.glowingfaceman.com/aethar/rooms/rock_outcropping_1.html)

[Category: Lowmort 1-10 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_1-10_Areas "wikilink")
[Category: Lowmort 11-20
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink")
