*Many rare and exotic animals were collected long in the past by the
great councils of antharia before it sank into the ocean. They were
moved into a large zoo which was used to protect them for centuries from
any threat. Until recently the zoo was off-limits to outsiders as a way
to prevent any harm from coming to the animals. Things have changed and
the council now feels it is time to open it's gates and let foreign
visitors pay to view the species and thereby maintain the zoo's ever
rising maintenance costs. For a small fee anyone can now come view the
birds and fish and forest dwelling creatures long since thought to be
extinct. Only one species has been seen outside of this menagerie in
recent times, but never has anyone seen such a marvelous example of what
the varans were before nearly all of them died on the surface. Specially
trained staff try to care for and feed the animals a very strict diet.
They do their best to insure no visitors disturb the zoo's exhibits.
Souvenirs are also sold for children out of the zookeepers cabin located
within the zoo past the glacial aquarium.*

**Level Range:** 45-51

**Builder:** Ducer

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 35s, 2w, d, 2n, 3e,
5n, 3e. (note: crosses [water terrain](Water_Terrain.md "wikilink"))

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Antharian
Zookeeper](Antharian_Zookeeper.md "wikilink").

## Connections

-   [Antharia](:Category:Antharia.md "wikilink")
    ([map](Antharia_Map.md "wikilink"))

## Navigation

To enter the area, you have to buy a [zoo pass](Zoo_Pass.md "wikilink")
from the zookeeper and unlock e.

## Adventuring

While the tourists in this area are excellent xp for solo or duo from
levels 34-42 (tourists start assisting at 42), the other mobs found
behind the locked cages are generally hero level and aggressive,
particularly the fish in the aquarium east of the entrance. You cannot
flee from these, and they are corpse eaters, so if you have the pass
door spell avoid accidentally walking into their area (the entire map is
a square; the outside of the square has the tourists, the inside the
fish, and northwest, southwest, and south are the non-aquatic animals).
The best non-aggie xp is found in the southern & southwestern cages: the
Janath Plains Rats (53), Largonaths (56), Leonaths (58) all average
600-700xp solo in late 30s, but these hit hard and can survive multiple
surged acid blasts. The Owlbears (65), knots (Yurrie Spider, 53), and
especially the Greater Varan in the southwestern cages are extremely
hard to kill at lowmort, hit hard, and the Varan tails, gasses, and is
invis. The rest are all aggressive. The northwestern cage contains
various birds, of varying difficulty. No aggies. Steve! is level 75 and
unsanc'ed.

[Category: Lowmort 41-50
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_41-50_Areas "wikilink") [Category: Hero
Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
