*Located far to the northeast of
[Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard "wikilink"), on the other side of the
great [Wildwood](:Category:_Wildwood "wikilink"), the Battleground
refers to a mountainous region of forest where the
[Wildwood](:Category:_Wildwood "wikilink") [Ents](Ents "wikilink") do
battle with invading [giants](Giants "wikilink") from the northern
mountains. It is very easy for a wandering traveller to be accidentally
crushed in one of their battles.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Dev

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 16e, \[e\], 2e, n, 2e,
3s, 3e, 3n, 2w, 3n, w, n, e, n, e, 3n, 2e, 2s, 3e, 2s, 2e, 3s, 3e, n,
2e, n, e, 2n, e, 2s, d.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [ snow covered
ent](Snow_Covered_Ent "wikilink") or [Shen](Shen "wikilink") and then
down. If you are a Lord then [Faragaun](Faragaun "wikilink") will work
but he is invisible. His room is a safe room.

## Connections

-   [Wildwood](:Category:Wildwood "wikilink")
-   [Serpent Weyr](:Category:Serpent_Weyr "wikilink")

## Nagivation

The area is one large uncursed mesh of interconnected rooms with
off-shooting branches that are quest-related and cursed.

## Adventuring

This is a big area with lots of mobs of varying level. Anything from
solo to five people groups can come here. Density of big mobs is low and
you have to wander around a bit to find the bigger ones.

Portalling to snow covered ent leads you to the "battleground" area of
the map. Here, in increasing order of difficulty, are wandering stone
giants, frost giants, snow ents and evergreen ents. Most of them are not
aggie, but if you wander into a room with frost giants and ents fighting
each other, they'll aggie (good rooms to acid rain). Such rooms can also
be cursed.

The ents are good-aligned and un-armored and the giants are evil-aligned
and have various equipment.

Also wandering around the areas are the big level mobs: (aggie) Forces
of Nature, (aggie) Stone Giant Leader (Crusher) and non-aggie wolly
mammoths (very big).

To the north there are two areas. To the far north and up (cursed) are
some cloud giants (biggish) and further north and up is a nasty room
with two biggish storm giant guards (painful!) and the storm giant
leader (takes part in a quest).

To the northwest and down are some smallish giants (sometimes you can
acid rain them, but they're pretty low xp), [Braugi](Braugi "wikilink")
(south, holds [ice ring](Ice_Ring "wikilink")) and his
[consort](Kroska "wikilink") (north) (smaller, sanced), has same ring.

Mid-westish and up connects to [Serpent
Weyr](:Category:_Serpent_Weyr "wikilink").

Mid-east and up are [Creela](Creela "wikilink") (who holds a heavy
[crossbow, Seeker](Crossbow,_"Seeker" "wikilink")) and [Baron
VonLira](Baron_VonLira "wikilink") (both hidden). There are also some
smallish golems and spectres there if you go down. None of the mobs
aggie. The spectre and baron are involved in [Herbal Remedy
Quest](Herbal_Remedy_Quest "wikilink") (double heal potion).

South-west is a small area with sanced mother ents (somewhat biggish)
and some Forces of Nature.

The ents and Forces of Nature will cast spells during combat, like gas,
earthquake, divinity etc.

Finally, in the middle of the area is the frozen lake part. In the
center of it is a crack through which you can enter the water (with
[Pass Door](Pass_Door "wikilink")) and encounter the somewhat bigger ice
nagas here. Beneath the lake is a hidden fountain, quaffing it will cast
[Cure Serious](Cure_Serious "wikilink") on the player. Disregard the
locked ups in the "Trapped under the ice" rooms, as these cannot be
opened nor passed.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
