I'm considering axing this category while we're pruning the tree. My
reasoning is that having a category of every piece of armor in the game
isn't really useful, and it causes submitters to have to remember to put
their new articles in extra categories. Other categories I'm considering
doing away with are lights (for the same reason as this one) and
brandishes (because wands, stave, and spellcasting objects should be
enough). Anyone have any objections before I get to work? Or, does
anyone have any other categories that they feel are unnecessary?
--[Waite](User:Waite "wikilink") 11:08, 14 February 2006 (EST)

Hmmm. I spoke with Mel for a bit last night and agreed that we should
get rid of both the "all gear" and "all mob" lists. I took care of the
latter last night and was gonna take care of the former myself later
today, actually. But I'm not sure that I agree with you on this one. I
rather liked the idea of having one category for each object-type in the
game (see [Object Types](:Category:_Object_Types "wikilink"))--or at
least each of the ones that you can actually pick up and do stuff with
(as opposed to Nexues and whatnot). And I also think that it might be
easier for folks to remember to "put every object in its type category"
rather than to "put *only* these objects in their type categories but
*not* these"; I think that consistency would be good here even if it
results in a long list of Armor. And, as for Brandishes, hmmm. In
practice, people on the MUD talk about "brandishes" regularly and it
would seem a bit odd to me if the MUD didn't reflect that by having a
Brandishes category. What if we kept Brandishes as is *but* just didn't
file any pages underneath it? It would pop up when people searched for
Brandishes, people could read all about what the heck "brandishes" are
and such ("Brandishes are staves and wands, they use the brandish
command, etc."), and then they could then click on its subcategories
(Wands and Staves) to view individual item pages? This change would also
simplify what contributors would have to remember when filing things,
too, I think. Hmmm. Having a good filing system is very important to me
and so I've been thinking and working hard on this matter for some time
now. See Format for my (present) recommendations. I'd love to discuss
this more but I need to get ready for class very soon. --[Dave
Garber](User:DaveGarber1975 "wikilink") 11:58, 14 February 2006 (EST)

I agree with your idea on the brandishes category. We can keep it as a
redirect/disambiguation type page so if someone searches for brandishes
they'll be displayed with links to staves/wands/spellcasting objects.
I'm still not sure about all the object types categories. I understand
your point about how it could be confusing to categorize some articles
based on object types, but not others. So, let me explain my motivation
a little bit better. I don't want to ask our contributors to place their
new articles in a bunch of categories that aren't going to be useful to
anyone. I can imagine someone coming to the wiki and searching for
containers, or boats, but I can't imagine anyone wanting to see every
object of type trash. I guess it boils down to the fact that some
objects are useful based on their type, notably boats, containers,
wands, potions, spellbooks, etc. Other object types, like treasure,
trash, armor, weapon, light, are more generic and an item of that type
is only going to be useful based on some other special modifier. I have
no problem with big categories. As a matter of fact I get excited when a
useful category gets well populated (like [this
one](:Category:Gear_In_Mt_Durr "wikilink") :)). Right now I'm just on a
witch hunt for categories that aren't ever going to be used, and are
only going to serve as a hassle for our contributors.
--[Waite](User:Waite "wikilink") 13:51, 14 February 2006 (EST)
