*In the aftermath of the Stone Against the Spiders War, the city of the
drow was decimated and most of the drow were slain or enslaved by the
victorious duergar forces of King Domi. One noble House, their followers
and a significant proportion of the common drow inhabitants of the city
managed to escape however, and fled to the surface to begin their lives
anew.*

*Amongst the vallenwood trees in the southern portions of the Westwood
they have found a new home and perhaps for the first time since the High
Drow abandoned the surface, the dark elves have returned in force to the
lands above.*

**Level Range:** 23-28

**Builder:** Izanagi

This [area](:Category:_Areas "wikilink") was added in 2010 Nov.  

## Directions

Walking route from [Sol](Sol "wikilink"): ???.

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): ???.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Septarch
Envy](Septarch_Envy "wikilink").

## Connections

This area connects to:

-   [Westwood](:Category:_Westwood "wikilink"),
-   [The Airways](:Category:_Airways "wikilink"), and
-   [Fewmaster's Folly](:Category:_Fewmaster's_Folly "wikilink").

## Navigation

Area is comprised of two distinct parts - the ground level with the Drow
spies and guards, and four big valenwood trees with Drow habitats of
different function on each.

The three smaller terraces that can be climbed to from the ground level
all connect to the large one around the central tree via rope bridges.
From the central valenwood tree one can also climb upwards to reach the
[Airways](:Category:_Airways "wikilink").

The map in the wiki is missing multiple hidden rooms which further the
plot.

## Adventuring

Area has only a few aggies - the guards in the guard posts on your way
upwards to the village proper. These guard posts are skipped
automatically while descending.

Thus, the area is made mostly for exploration, where you will be able to
see a hilarious and a serious story at the same time, of the Drow that
are trying oh-so-hard to adapt to their new environment after they lost
the war with the invading Duergar force. As such, the story-arc directly
ties in with the [Graw
Akkuurattaan](:Category:Graw_Akkuurattaan "wikilink") happenings, and
both share tie-in quests. It is recommended you first do the Graw side
as it's intended for a few level's smaller characters than this one.

If you so desire, once you finish all the relavant quests and gather all
the insignia (remember that the spoilers on this page show only some
possible solutions!), feel free to run the area for xp as most of the
drow *are* evil (no matter how much they try), but keep in mind that
military oriented Drow inhabitants also carry weapons of some kind, and
that Septarchs are not the Drow leaders without reason.

There's a hidden room not shown in this area's map, south of "The
library of Sept Nik'Avrym" -- you'll notice that the astrolabe looks
strange. You can "push noctopia" to open a room to the south, "A
research room", which has some interesting flavor. In this room is a
chest whose key I couldn't find ("A dark cloud obscures the key!" with
keyfinder). Breaking open the chest yields a scroll fragment which has 2
lines, "Annaarl Nadra..." and "Uuthvas B..."; and "a high drow heart", a
dark anti-good, anti-neutral light which is level 23 and applies 20 mana
and protection good. Perhaps this is an Arx Nivea tie-in? Your guess is
as good as mine.

Downstairs, two hiding patrolling drow are carrying two pieces of paper
with keyword "password" which say respectively "We have come home." and
"The fox barks at midnight beneath the starlit sky." These items both
have type 'ticket' but it's not clear who wants them.

[Category: Lowmort 21-30
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_21-30_Areas "wikilink")
