*One of the less explored isles in the [great
ocean](:Category:_Sea_Of_Strayed_Hopes.md "wikilink") is known as the
Dream Steppes. The stories say that a mysterious fragrance permeates
throughout the isle. It is said that this aroma causes even the most
stalwart of sailors to become lost in daydreams. Seafarers who breathe
in this aroma are said to abandon their ships, and race towards the
center of the island. Those who wish to see home once again generally
stay clear of this isle.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Masamun

This [area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") was created for an
[area-building contest](Area-Building_Contests.md "wikilink") in 2004.  
This [area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") was added in 2005.  

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 39s, 5w (note:
crosses [water terrain](Water_Terrain.md "wikilink")).

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: displacer beast
(note: there are many).

## Connections

-   [Sea Of Strayed Hopes](:Category:Sea_Of_Strayed_Hopes.md "wikilink")
    ([map](Sea_Of_Strayed_Hopes_Map.md "wikilink"))

## Navigation

The area proper, when entered from the sea is an approximately 5x5
block, uncursed. To the south behind a [Nightmarish Sea
Serpent](Nightmarish_Sea_Serpent "wikilink") is a locked door (need to
be PSI to see the lever in the same room) leading to a cursed ship. In
the general middle of the area is a trout-like branch (lever that can be
seen with [Detect Magic](Detect_Magic "wikilink")), that leads upwards
to a small block with many aggressive mobs.

## Adventuring

The area is mostly safe, decent for lowhero (or even high lowmort group)
[xp](Experience_Points.md "wikilink"), but beware the many
[psionicists](:Category:_Psionicists.md "wikilink"), who are disguised
and [aggie](Aggressive_Mobs.md "wikilink").

There is a total of 4 psionicists in the area proper, 3 of which are
stationary. Only one (the masked rider) wanders. First stationary one is
in the northeast corner, second is one west of him (invisible so he
doesn't show on scan). The last stationary is n, e of the southwest
corner. The fourth wanders and is disguised as a displacer beast. It's
the only one with the word "beware" in it's long description on scan. A
good strategy for high lowmort or lowish hp lowhero group is to avoid
this altogether or possibly kill it of first so it cant walk in.
Stationary psis are usually avoided.

The south center of the area has a aggie sea-serpent (keyword serpent)
which show on scan as a huge purple form, behind which is the quest part
of the area with many psis, but not in large groups.

In the center of the area is a room called *Southeast corner of the
grove*. Here is a lever disguised as a *trout* that can be seen with
[Detect Magic](Detect_Magic "wikilink"). Pushing it leads upwards to
another room with a statue. Pushing its *pinky* will open the part
further north to a highly aggie block with many psis and archers,
related to the area backstory. Do not go there if you are small.

All three hidden doors (*image* south of the sea serpent, and the two
branches towards the lotus pool) can be broken through with
[Bashdoor](Bashdoor "wikilink").

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
