[Outland Proper](:Category:Outland_Proper.md "wikilink") is usually just
run for small group exp, but it has another side to it: the infamous
"commander" run.

Suggested group size: Probably 15-20. Definitely bring at least 1 bzk
and 1 prs. Area casters will love this run. A wizard/druid with wall of
thorns will also be immensely helpful in case of bad luck with repops.

From shift, go 3s2w2d to the Githyanki Spy. This mob can **detonate**,
but seems to do so very infrequently. Still, best to have all your
groupmates remove their gear and kill him before re-wearing your gear.
1d from the spy is a fully safe room (no mobs will wander there) at
which you can regen if you need to.

From 1d from the spy, you will need to head 1d 4w. On scan should be a
set of 4 mobs, including two [Githyanki
Knights](Githyanki_Knights "wikilink"). The knights hurt quite a lot
(hit 12 times for ERAD), so you may want to surge a little higher in
this room. One of the knights has two keys, which you will need to loot.
After the room is clear, head 2n, unl n, n. The third key you need is on
one of these mobs. Before the locked north is a room 1w that is filled
with longshotting, lightning-arrow equipped archers. One of the archers
wears a [Silvery Helm](Silvery_Helm "wikilink") (12 hr, t2 arc head). He
also has a 25 hr bow.

With the third key in hand, go all south until you hit another locked
door. If you have the great misfortune of having the room with the
Githyanki Knights respawning on you, you may want to create a safe room
to regen using wall of thorns. Once you are all south, unlock it and
clear the room for the fourth key. Go 3n to get back to the room with
the Githyanki knights and unlock west. You will need to head a few west
until the [Githyanki Lieutenant
Commander](Githyanki_Lieutenant_Commander "wikilink") appears on scan.

The Githyanki Lieutenant Commander's room has 3 fairly large mobs and is
**det**. The room 1w from this room is the gear room. 1s from this room
is a fairly safe place to regen (only one mob respawns). Thus, there are
two choices to prepare yourself for the gear room.

-   1\) Create a safe room in the room before the Lieutenant Commander
    by using walls to regen. Once the room your are regenning in repops
    on you, clear both the det room and the gear room in one go.
-   2\) Clear the det room, go one south to regen. If it doesn't repop
    before you're full, great. If it does, you'll need to clear the det
    room again.

Whichever method you choose, the gear room awaits.

This is a very risky room. It's no-exit, so if/when you clear it you
need to portal to a mob in [Outland
Proper](:Category:Outland_Proper.md "wikilink") (such as [Githyanki
Brute](Githyanki_Brute "wikilink")) to get out. The gear room has two
slaves; one eats corpses and the other stomps gear. So if you die before
they do, you can kiss all your hard-earned gear good-bye. From what I
have heard from immortals, the gear room itself is no longer det, and
the det mob does not spawn on the death of the Githyanki Warlock (see
notes from old run). The gear room itself is not that bad either, as
long as you are geared/using bzk. Whether or not you choose to target
the slaves first depends on your group composition. With a lot of area
casters, they will probably die from just the area spells, even without
targetting.

Surprisingly, the run itself is rather short, and the hardest part of
this run is likely not going to be the gear room, but the sheer
**number** of mobs that are in your way. Each room containing a key has
4 mobs, and it is not uncommon to find 5+ githyanki in any room. It is
probably best to send a tank to area nearly every room before taking the
rest if your group with you, as the sheer amount of mobs is ridiculous.
In any room that you don't need to head into, it may be wise to wall the
exit to prevent those mobs from escaping for as long as possible. None
of the mobs have pass door, allowing you to create effective blocks.

Almost every mob on this run casts. Casters, keep mystical barrier up at
all times. If you are doing this after the first run has been done,
check for a small silver key and a platinum key.

This section is for the old commander run.

Suggested Group Size: 20+

After shift, take group 3s2w2d to the [Githyanki
Spy](Githyanki_Spy "wikilink"). **From here on mobs detonate! (including
the spy AND the gear room!)**

Go 2d2s from [the spy](Githyanki_Spy.md "wikilink") to find the room
where you can regen. This path can be very swarmy, so it's a good idea
for any wizards/druids in the group to use [wall of
thorns](Wall_Of_Thorns.md "wikilink") to keep unnecessary mobs away.
From the regen room it's another 1s to the [Githyanki
Leader](Githyanki_Leader "wikilink"), who holds the [Silver
Chestplate](Silver_Chestplate "wikilink") and the [Silver
Sword](Silver_Sword "wikilink").

Watch out: this is a very risky room. It's no-exit, so if/when you clear
it you need to portal to a mob in [Outland
Proper](:Category:Outland_Proper.md "wikilink") (such as [Githyanki
Brute](Githyanki_Brute "wikilink")) to get out. The gear room has two
slaves; one eats corpses and the other stomps gear. So if you die before
they do, you can kiss all your hard-earned gear good-bye. Also note that
when you kill the [Githyanki Warlock](Githyanki_Warlock "wikilink") a
[detonating mob](Darkest_Of_Shades.md "wikilink") spawns. Because of
this huge risk, you should wait outside of the commander's room until
the [Githyanki Spy](Githyanki_Spy "wikilink") repops. The last thing you
want is for this gear room to repop on you!

Also in this room are a couple [Silver Helms](Silver_Helm "wikilink").

Note that the [Githyanki Leader](Githyanki_Leader "wikilink") does not
repop normally, so you can't really camp this run.

[Category:Outland Proper](Category:Outland_Proper "wikilink")
[Category:Gear In Outland](Category:Gear_In_Outland "wikilink")
