*A once peaceful forest lies close to the road from
[Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink") to
[Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard.md "wikilink"). The peace was destroyed
when a large group of [goblins](Goblins.md "wikilink") descended from
the nearby mountains. Now this forest is traveled by only the bravest of
adventurers.*

**Level Range:** 10-13

**Builder:** Copper

This area was replaced by [Moss
Village](:Category:_Moss_Village.md "wikilink") in 2006 Mar.

## Directions

Walking route from [Sol](Sol.md "wikilink"): 3e, s, 3e, 3s, 5e, n, 3e,
s.

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 14w, s.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [dark
horseman](Dark_Horseman.md "wikilink") (note: there are many and they
wander).

## Connections

This [area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") is connected to [Woodbridge
Road](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink") and the [Old
Marsh](:Category:_Old_Marsh.md "wikilink").

## Navigation

## Adventuring

This [area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") can offer some nice
[xp](Experience_Points.md "wikilink"), while it can definitely be a
challenge. Aggressive mountain goblins of various forms populate it,
along with some black horsemen. While the wyverns will leave you alone
at first, they will assist at higher levels and their poisonous bite can
make life a bit difficult. A small inn offers refuge in the western
part, while it gets ever more dangerous towards the south, where the
area blends in with the [Old Marsh](:Category:_Old_Marsh.md "wikilink").
The cave which houses the leader of these mountain goblins is a
notorious spot to die in. :)

[Category: Grandfathered
Areas](Category:_Grandfathered_Areas "wikilink")
