*This unnatural landscape is shaped by the battle raging between the
denizens of the [Kzinti outpost](:Category:Kzinti_Outpost "wikilink")
and those of the [Githzerai
Tower](:Category:Githzerai_Tower "wikilink"). Portals flare to life, and
disappear just as quickly, slicing through earth, plant, and soldiers
alike, their age-long battle continued on the plane of
[Midgaardia](:Category:Midgaardia "wikilink").*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Ginta

This area was added in May 2021.

## Directions

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Kzinti
Raider](Kzinti_Raider "wikilink").

## Connections

There are two portals near their respective armies staging areas on
opposite sides of the battlefield â€“ one connecting this area to [Kzinti
Outpost](:Category:Kzinti_Outpost "wikilink") and one to [Githzerai
Tower](:Category:Githzerai_Tower "wikilink").

## Navigation

All rooms except the one with the Kzinti Apprentice Weaponsmith (A
Dugout Smithy) are outside.

To the east and west each army has their respective staging area and
portal, with the area in between constituting the Field of Battle. These
areas are uncursed.

In the southwest corner is the Summoning Circle, in the northeast corner
is the Dugout, and north of the Field of Battle is the Dome of the
Undying. These areas are cursed.

## Adventuring

If you kill all of mobs in the Summoning Circle it summons an
Other-worldly Godling, a lvl 80 mob that skins to a [treasure ring with
2hr, 35 mana](Ring_of_Viscous_Magic "wikilink").

The apprentice Kzinti weaponsmith gives you a
[quest](:Category:Hero_Quests "wikilink") to find him several weapons,
the last ones being [Lightning Strike](Lightning_Strike "wikilink") and
a [Lurch's Adder](Lurch's_Adder "wikilink"). He will destroy the
Lightning Strike, using the metal to reforge the Lurch's Adder to [hero
level](Lurch's_Adder_(Hero) "wikilink"). It becomes a lvl 53, max 45,
14hr/14dr, [concealable
weapon](:Category:Concealable_Weapons "wikilink") that does [piercing
damage](:Category:Melee_Weapons_That_Pierce "wikilink").

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Incomplete](Category:_Incomplete "wikilink")
