*High in the Devil's Peak, an ancient group of reclusive healers and
mystics live their solitary lives in a constant struggle against an evil
force. Their name, the Order of Typhus, is a misnomer; the Order's
temple is but a jailhouse for their prisoner, a Demon Lord, whose
infernal magics lash against the bonds daily and threaten to lay waste
both to the Temple as to the world of Midgaardia below.*

*Though this state of affairs has been unchanged for years untold, as of
late no messengers from the Order nor supply wagons have been seen
travelling the mountain.*

*Perhaps, finally, Typhus has prevailed.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** ITyrant

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 19n, 3e, 5n, u, e, u,
w, n, u, n, u, 6n, w, u, n, u, e, u, n, w, n.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Tysiln
San](Tysiln_San.md "wikilink").

## Connections

-   [North Of Ofcol](:Category:North_Of_Ofcol.md "wikilink")
    ([map](North_Of_Ofcol_Map.md "wikilink"))

## Navigation

As reflected on [the map](Rise_Of_Typhus_Map.md "wikilink"), the four
Ziggurat Steps rooms can be confusing as they each have one-way exits up
to the Portal from Hell room (Typhus), although to get back it's a
north, west, east or south exit.

## Adventuring

*Is it time for a round of bad news again? News from Devil's Peak tell a
story how the Order of the Typhus has recently been decimated, in a
savage attack. With only a single survivor remaining, it is an open
question whether this ancient society of monks and priests will be able
to recover.*

*Good news, at least as far as the ordinary citizens of Midgaardia are
concerned, is that their jailhouse has been designed with this
eventuality in mind, and the seals, although broken in places, are still
more than capable of containing their prisoner.*

*So, all is well, and relatively unchanged, and there is little reason
for concern. There is absolutely no need for any hero intervention. No,
there are no quests for heroes to do up there. Best course of action
would be to leave the Order alone and stop trying for a millionth time
to kill the unkillable Lord Typhus.*

*-- Midgaardian Weekly*

## Comments

This area replaced the grandfathered
[Typhus](:Category:Typhus.md "wikilink") in December, 2014. Some mob and
item descriptions in the old area are still being used in reference to
this new area, and may or may not have had descriptions, comments and
such updated to reflect this.

On the lower level the various types of demons appear to be fairly
similar. Some notable differences: the spined devil's have racial
tranquility, the demon guardians and
"[something](Something.md "wikilink")", and a few others
([Gorgon](Gorgon "wikilink"), level 97), are noticeably bigger and more
aggressive.

Note that the Shrine of Acilese room is an
[Infirmary](Infirmary "wikilink") and us such will increase healing and
allow link-refresh without the usual lag.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category: Areas
by ITyrant](Category:_Areas_by_ITyrant "wikilink") [Category:
Incomplete](Category:_Incomplete "wikilink")
