*Explorers of a new world, take care in your adventures as something is
fishy in the village of Moonbay. Do not let the musk of fish, crab
confuse your senses! Stay on alert. Tread carefully in the rough seas,
their cemetery is full for a reason. Be sure to stop by Moonbay Temple,
they're easily angered by ignorance of the gods, so be respectful of the
moon, or you might not live to regret it!*

*- Mayflower, Sprite explorer*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Ginta

## Directions

Walking route from [Eragora default
recall](Eragora_Default_Recall.md "wikilink"): 2s, d, 2s, e, 3s, 3e, 2s,
2e, 2s, e.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Binbinka](Binbinka "wikilink").

## Connections

-   [Eragora Walkways](:Category:Eragora_Walkways.md "wikilink")

## Navigation

The area is divided into two parts, the first being the village proper,
with houses and shacks, surrounded by a boardwalk designed as a large
square, and the second being the sea. Both parts are highly
interconnected and joined at the pier. Navigation is largely trivial,
with the minimally confusing nature of the underwater squares which
connect directly to the shallows.

## Adventuring

The village part of the area does not feature any hostile mobs with the
hardly noticeable exception of the crabs to the far west. Those can be
murderous, but are known to carry hero level frenzy pills. The village
also contains some nice mana gear so pick fights if you so desire. The
village shaman, [Binbinka](Binbinka "wikilink"), is known to carry a
[Pearl-Tipped Staff](Pearl-Tipped_Staff "wikilink"), a sanctuary brand,
which can spawn either at lowmort or at hero level (8 or 16 ticks).
Thus, camping him may be profitable as it is the only such brand in the
game.

The sea part of the area has some average difficulty fish in the
shallows and nastier (and more numerous) sharks in the underwater rooms,
and also contains two ships. Each ship carries an incredibly aggie and
hard-hitting crew (7 mobs) so do not solo these rooms if you value your
(hmm, non-dragon) life.

Overall the area is of easy-to-average difficulty compared to the rest
of Eragora (with the exception of the crabs and the ships), and can be
soloed with a caster or by a small hero group.

Also helpful is the auto-CR nature of the area, since it will do your
CRs for you, and virtually every part of the area is relatively close to
the local cloud (especially since the village has no aggies, so no
speedwalking is required to get anywhere).

Pay attention to the multiple questlines that are available in this
area, as they have nice rewards.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Eragora](Category:_Eragora "wikilink")
