*With chilling winds and deep snowfall, the Long Winter has ensnared
part of the Kzinti Homeworld. At the center of the blizzard lies a small
village of scientists, the only remnants left of those who lived and
worked in the Spire of Knowledge, now destroyed and in ruins.*

*Yet it was not an intruder who did this, but one of their own. The
military, embarrassed after their latest attempt to invade Midgaardia
failed at the northern edges of Ofcol, cast out all scientists from
their presence and pillaged their spire. Tome after tome of countless
lore were destroyed as the military turned their back on the same
knowledge which had allowed them to become less savage.*

*The village itself is protected by a series of enchantments cast by the
now-paranoid scientists to keep the military out. But lately even they
have begun to fail, as sapping strength and weakening spirits takes its
toll on the scientists. The military have staged their final
blood-drenched siege, and who you decide to help will alter the course
of their world forever.*

**Builder:** Zahri

## Directions

From kzin shift go 9w,u,w,n,u,n,w,n,2w,u'

## Connections

## Navigation

## Adventuring

Shopkeeper items -

The Haggler accepts:

"the earthen mace of might" from Earth for [the heart of a
pyrolisk](Heart_Of_A_Pyrolisk.md "wikilink"), a poison item that holds
100 doses of [Necrotia](:Category:_Necrotia.md "wikilink")

"the Blade of Discord" from Tarterus for [panthrodrine-skin
leggings](Panthrodrine-Skin_Leggings.md "wikilink")

"iron web shield" from Noctopia for a pair of coarse leather boots (3hr,
6dr, and 65hp)

"red lightning" from Air for pyrolisk flesh, a pill (Level 124 Spells of
divinity and sanctuary)

Chandler accepts:

"a storm-skin cloak" from Water for [a pair of wind-ravaged
boots](Pair_Of_Wind-Ravaged_Boots.md "wikilink")

"ball of seething blue flame" from Arcadia for a vial of shifting
shadows (10 doses of heartbane)

"black soft leather boots" from Kzinti for kzinti leggings (3hr, 4dr
-10ac)

"stone disc" from Midgaard for snow-encrusted cloak (-50ac, 85mana)

"devilish talisman" from Astral for a blueish-white stone (has a base,
80hp, -15saves)

The kzinti bookseller sells:

`* `[`a`` ``fully`` ``intact`` ``grimoire`](Fully_Intact_Grimoire.md "wikilink")` - 4000000`  
`* `[`a`` ``partially`` ``burnt`` ``grimoire`](Partially_Burnt_Grimoire.md "wikilink")` - 750000`

[Category:Lord Areas](Category:Lord_Areas "wikilink") [Category:Kzinti
Homeworld](Category:Kzinti_Homeworld "wikilink") [Category:Areas That
Need Descriptions](Category:Areas_That_Need_Descriptions "wikilink")
