*You have heard whispers in the [meadow](:Category:_Meadow "wikilink")
of a series of sewer tunnels that run from beneath the [Dwarven Day
Care](:Category:_Dwarven_Day_Care "wikilink") to underneath the [Mob
Factory](:Category:_Mob_Factory "wikilink").*

**Level Range:** 4-6

**Builder:** Frey

## Directions

Walking route from [Nom](Nom "wikilink"): s, 7e, 3s, e, \[d\].

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [water
spider](Water_Spider "wikilink").

## Connections

This sewer of sorts can be accessed from two places in the [Mob
Factory](:Category:_Mob_Factory "wikilink") and one in the [Dwarven Day
Care](:Category:_Dwarven_Day_Care "wikilink").

## Navigation

The west end of the area connects to the [Mob
Factory](:Category:_Mob_Factory "wikilink"), while the east end of the
area connects to the [Dwarven Day
Care](:Category:_Dwarven_Day_Care "wikilink"). At the center of the area
is a large square where the [Green Slimes](Green_Slime "wikilink") tend
to congregate. At the center of the square sits the [Giant
Alligator](Giant_Alligator_(Murky_Lair) "wikilink"), an
[aggressive](Aggressive_Mobs "wikilink") and formidable mob. See the map
and the Adventuring section for more details.

## Adventuring

There are slimes who carry [slimy rings](Slimy_Ring "wikilink"), which
give the same bonuses as the [pink ice
rings](Pink_Ice_Ring_(Dwarven_Daycare) "wikilink"). Take care crossing
through the passage, as most [mobs](:Category:_Mobs "wikilink") will
[assist](Assistive_Mobs "wikilink"), and there is a nasty
[aggy](Aggressive_Mobs "wikilink") alligator which is
[hidden](Hide_Flag "wikilink") in the middle of the path (Room desc:
Alligator's lair; you may also see one pair of "red glowing eyes" on
[scan](Scan "wikilink")). You can manoeuvre safely around him, however,
if you are careful.

Other than the Giant Alligator, most of the mobs are fairly small and
good for exp. There's also a good number of them, though some of them
have a poisonous [bite](Biting_Mobs "wikilink"). A pretty good area for
exp.

[Category: Lowmort 1-10 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_1-10_Areas "wikilink")
