*For centuries the proud Borley Mansion looked down over
[Ofcol](:Category:_Ofcol.md "wikilink"), even when it was little more
than a northern farming village. The Borley family was famed for their
innate musical talent, and the farmers would often gather near the
mansion simply to overhear the melodic sounds. It has been many decades
since the music of the Borleys was heard. Now the mansion only produces
hideous wails and screams by the light of the moon, and the farmers that
used to live near the Manor have fled in terror.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Chovak

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 19n, 3e, 5n, u, e, u,
w, n, u, n, u, 6n, e, n.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [stone
gargoyle](Stone_Gargoyle.md "wikilink").

## Conncections

-   [ North Of Ofcol](:Category:_North_Of_Ofcol.md "wikilink")

## Navigation

## Adventuring

Not much to say. The house is comprised of a ground floor, a basement,
and a 2nd floor (where the red velvet cape quest mob is found, in the
attic room above Nemo's corpse). The Crawling Chaos, which has useful
hero mana gear (random rings, and the cauldron of souls ticket for the
cape) is all n, 2 or 3w, then u/s of the entrance. A key is required to
get in, or bashdoor after killing the two invis mobs in that room. Then
all east, n. The area is basically a series of invisible doors and
passages, most of which contain sanc'ed, fairly tough mobs (Vincent
Borley, Dicentra Borley, the large Tentacle mob, The Guardian,
Cacophany, Nemo) and scattered rotting cadavers who wield and aggie. All
the rooms are cursed, and a CR is fairly complicated. The experience is
average at best, so the area is virtually never run, except by Zaffer.
Connected to [North of Ofcol](:Category:_North_Of_Ofcol.md "wikilink")

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Incomplete](Category:_Incomplete "wikilink")
