*Deep beneath the surface of Midgaardia is a different world. A world
without light or the life giving rays of the sun. However, even without
photosynthesis, life will find a way. Drawing energy not from the sun,
but rather from decay, fungi abound. Perhaps the most extensive example
of this is the large cavern simply known as Fungal Forest.*

*Home to uncounted types of mushrooms, Fungus Forest also has its
guardians - the myconoids who make their home here. Tending to the
groves of giant mushrooms they pursue quiet, contemplative lives of a
different order, hard for most to fathom. The myconoids are peaceful and
happy to be left alone, yet it is also said they possess long memories,
passing their experiences from one generation to the next.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Izanagi

This area was added in March 2011.

## Directions

Walking route from [caravan guard](Caravan_Guard "wikilink"): s 2e d e
2s.

## Connections

-   [Deepways](:Category:_Deepways "wikilink")

## Navigation

The whole area is flagged as no teleport and no nexus (**you cannot
portal out**). To leave, see the map and read the directions below.

The first room will have a meditating myconoid (Psilocybin). This room
is full safe.

A large share of this area is a maze with changing exits. The maze rooms
have random exits leading to the adjacent rooms, each leading to a
different room. The east-west corridor just south of Psilocybin is not
randomized (i.e. you can leave by going east or west till you see
Psilocybin on scan).

When you're looking for the exit, try to find the edges of the area and
check the map to see where you are based on the available room exits. As
soon as you know where you are and you're sure you can't walk directly
to the exit, walk away from the edge in the direction of the area exit
(northish). From there on it's trial and error. Once you get to the
unrandomized east-west corridor, you can find Psilocybin and leave).

Alternatively, in the southernmost room (the room only has a north
exit), there is a secret passage. You can enter it by typing 'enter
secret passage' in full (no abbreviations allowed). This will take you
back to Psilocybin at the safe room at the entrance.

## Adventuring

This area can make a nice detour off a normal XP run in [
Deepways](:Category:_Deepways "wikilink"). The area is pretty small and
does not have enough mobs to last a full run. The mobs are a bit bigger
than those found in Deepways.

All the mobs here are non-aggie normally. There are various unsanced
mobs (harvesters, shroomshapers, alchemists, guardians, shamans,
sporecasters and mulchspreaders) and many sanced mobs. You can kill the
unsanced mobs with no repercussions whatever, but the sanced mobs are a
different story altogether. If coming here for XP, **avoid attacking the
sanced mobs altogether**. All of the mobs have keyword 'myconoid' or
'mushroom', but it's advisable to target using the mob names listed
above to avoid inadvertently targeting a sanced mob.

### The sanced mobs

The sanced mobs are big and gas a lot. Killing a sanced mob will spawn
two enforcers that will come find the person who landed the killing
blow. Since the spawned aggies will target the players that killed the
sanced mobs, they will almost always target your hitters and the
strongest ones at that.

If you kill enough sanced mobs, all of the mobs will aggie you. This
will continue even after you log off. This type of aggie can be
recognized by the fact that the mobs start the fight by using area
spells (gas), they will toss you etc. while they would normally not use
this kind of ability at all.

If you EVER get aggied in this area, please make sure tank knows about
it. I really dont recommend coming back to this area if you are aggied.
Tanks, please stop at Psilocybin for a second to see if any of your
groupies will be aggied. Psilocybin will stare at people who completed
the insignia quest.

It would be wise to check the non-randomized east-west corridor for
aggies if you are unsure.

When the myconoids are fed up with your killing of sanced mobs,
Psilocybin will bribe you to stop you from coming back. It is a nice
bribe. Note that you'll still be aggied if you come back.

NOTE: There is a wandering animator and there are many wandering corpse
eaters. They only work on mob corpses though.

And then, after a while you see "Your Bane of the Myconoids crumbles to
dust. Its time was up.". This is good if your char was accidentally
caught killing a sanced mob, but horrible if you tried so hard to get
that insignia. This means after a while, mobs forget about you too. You
can go back in for some xp.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Incomplete](Category:_Incomplete "wikilink") [Category: Hero
Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Incomplete](Category:_Incomplete "wikilink")
