While we're re-evaluating the structure of the wiki I want to spend some
time working on this category. First of all, it seems like we're getting
strict about the "only put articles in the most specific category" rule
again. So, this category would no longer contain every single
spellcasting object, instead it would contain subcategories for pill,
staves, wands, etc (yes I know it already does that).

In the early days you could search for "heal" or "water breathing" and
get a list of all the items that would cast that spell on you. Now that
we have individual articles for all these spells (good thing, don't get
me wrong) this trick doesn't work any more. I don't think it's fair to
ask our users to wade through the list of spellcasting objects, clicking
on each one until they find the spell they want. This probably won't
come as a surprise to anyone, but I think we should use categories to
regain this functionality.

So, we'll use categories, but how?

At first I was thinking of making categories like:  
objects that cast offensive spells  
objects that cast defensive spells  
objects that cast healing spells  
objects that cast curative spells

But the more I thought about it, I realized there are problems with this
approach. There's some spells that don't fit into this kind of layout.
You *could* lump refresh in with healing spells, but it doesn't quite
fit. Where are you gonna put a pill that gives you fly: defense,
curative, or another category altogether?

Instead of this, I think we should just make a category for each spell
that can be cast by using an object: "Objects That Cast Cure Light",
"Objects That Cast Acid Blast", etc. Each of these categories would be a
subcategory of "Spellcasting Objects". We would also link to "Objects
That Cast Water Breathing" from the Water Breathing article.

I would say not to operate under our usual strategy of "create a bunch
of categories and eventually they'll be populated". The main reason for
this is that you can't distinguish between a empty category and a
populated one, and I don't want to reduce the usefulness of
"spellcasting objects" by filling it with empty categories. Also,
there's a ton of spells that can't be cast by using an object, so those
categories would **never** get populated.

Sound like a good plan? --[Waite](User:Waite.md "wikilink") 14:37, 14
February 2006 (EST)

On second thought, the categories should probably be called "Water
Breathing Casting Objects", "Heal Casting Objects", etc, just so they
don't all start with the same letter. Makes the automatic category
layout work better.

Sounds OK to me. Another way to solve the problem could be to have a
series of tables on the main spellcasting objects page which would be
seperated into the aforementioned categories of defensive, offensive,
healing, miscellaneous, etc.. with columns for name, level, spell, and
charges. It requires a bit more overhead, but that could be done by the
"regulars" whenever a new spellcasting item is added by someone else if
they don't know the convention. I'm rather fond of tables I suppose :).
Definitely not adverse to them being filed in a categorical system
either. [JonDooger](User:JonDooger.md "wikilink") 15:03, 14 February
2006 (EST)

Great thinking, you two! I love your idea, Waite, for not filing any
pages here but, instead, providing some means for players to easily find
objects that cast whichever spell they want. That would be far more
convenient than clicking through every object page below one-by-one in
this growing list to pick out those items that are most relevant. I
agree that some spells are very hard to categorize; I made a rather
primitive attempt to do this same thing in the Skills & Spells section,
which could probably use further revision and refinement at some point.
I'm not sure whether I like categories or tables better for this
function, myself. Perhaps spell-by-spell categories below plus either
tables or sections-&-lists or some other such thing above for easy
access to only the most-demanded spells (like HEALING SPELLS: \* Cure
Light: ... \* Cure Serious: ... \* Cure Critical: ... \* Heal: ... ).
Hmmm. As for category names, Waite, your "second thought" would spread
names out more, yes, but their titles also also sound a bit unwieldy
(well, to me, at least); offhand, my vote would be for a system more
like your "first thought" and similar to that in our Gear category where
object-type categories are spread out while Gear In... categories are
consolidated. In any case, I promise that, at least in this instance, I
won't go ahead and make categories to cover every possibility that might
arise--just ones that we already have items for, if we decide to go
ahead with this plan. --[Dave Garber](User:DaveGarber1975.md "wikilink")
16:02, 14 February 2006 (EST)

Oooo! Looks like you've already started. Cool. Hmmm. I still have my
reservations on that category-name format but, of course, nothing here
is set in stone. And I may yet have second thoughts. Heck, on at least a
few occasions, I've plunged ahead with something, looked over the final
product, played around with it for a bit, and then reconsidered my
decision and immediately undid it all. I enjoy experimenting and trying
stuff out. Will be nice to see how this turns out. Anyway... Go, Waite,
go!!! You the man. --[Dave Garber](User:DaveGarber1975.md "wikilink")
16:12, 14 February 2006 (EST)

Wow! So, we have two different types of items here now, then? Both
objects that cast spells on you when you consume (either quaff or
brandish) them and objects that affect you (via their affect flags) when
you wear them. Interesting. If that's how we're gonna do it then we may
have to find a more accurate name for this category... --[Dave
Garber](User:DaveGarber1975.md "wikilink") 17:49, 14 February 2006 (EST)

Yeah, adding items like exquisite diamond and ring of the rat to these
categories was an afterthought, but I think it makes a lot of sense. If
you want sanctuary and you can't cast it yourself, then you probably
don't care if you get it from a potion, a staff, or a light source. I
think the category name is still pretty appropriate, since the
aforementioned items seem to cast their spell(s) on you when you wear
them. Hence when you wear your second enchanted bangle you see
"Enchanted bangle sparkles as its enchantment fails" (or whatever the
message is). I guess one case where you could be nit-picky is the
displacer cloak. Along with pass door, it gives you movehidden, which is
technically a skill, not a spell. In any event I'm not too worried about
people getting confused by the name of this category.
--[Waite](User:Waite.md "wikilink") 10:12, 15 February 2006 (EST)

It was a good afterthought to add these items, in my opinion, and I
agree with your reasoning on why you added them. And I suppose that what
these objects do could be considered casting, also. At least for now,
I'm quite satisfied. Well done, Waite, and thanks for your work on this.
--[Dave Garber](User:DaveGarber1975.md "wikilink") 15:03, 15 February
2006 (EST)
