Notes

-   Bring plenty of tanks and healers (3+ tanks, 2 healers).
-   Bring melee damage for nospell portion
-   Buy pinks

Make your way to nowhere (e.g., plane earth, n, 4w, enter nexus). Have
one tank rest while you explore one away from next, scanning and looking
for the mob "Terrified and sobbing, a beautiful woman cowers here.".
This will take you to the start of the area.

The first room in the area is safe and lloydable; set anchor inside the
area.

Wander north, find and kill the Keeper of the Key outside and get his
key. Unlock north and go inside. You're now inside a mansion.

Find the son Mecharion and kill him (he's in the western wing, up the
stairs); take his spirit (spawns on the floor on death). He's in a room
of 3-4 mobs that hit hard.

Find and kill Shilone (eastern wing, down in the basement, basement and
room before are nospell). The no-spell path to the daughter Shilone has
about 7 rooms and large mobs (spirit golems). Shilone is in a room of
3-4 mobs. Take her spirit (spawns on the floor on death). Also take her
[hazy crystal sleeves](hazy_crystal_sleeves "wikilink"). Shilone can
blind the whole group; be prepared.

Visit Maestro Diova (noregen room). Give "the son's spirit" and "the
daughter's sprit" to Diova. He gives you "fragment of spirit", a key to
north.

Mosey on north and kill a couple of elementals. Eventually kill Setielc
in a room of 4 mobiles and get both [the spirits of Shilone and
Mecharon](the_spirits_of_Shilone_and_Mecharon "wikilink") (from corpse)
and [the dark spirit of Setielc](the_dark_spirit_of_Setielc "wikilink")
(spawns on ground on kill). This is the final room so you can surge up /
veil max for this. Go north one more time to turn in your tickets.

WARNING: DO NOT GIVE THE TICKETS, OR THE GEAR FROM THE AREA, TO THE
WRONG MOBILES.

The spirit of Mecharon takes the spirits of Shilone and gives you [The
Spirit Guard](The_Spirit_Guard "wikilink").

NOW, PUT THAT SPIRIT GUARD IN A BAG.

The spirit forge takes the dark spirit of Setielc, pure Spirit of Diova
and Spirit Hammer and gives you [Diova's
Sacrifice](Diova's_Sacrifice "wikilink").

## Common problems

1\. Not enough nospell damage, accidentally wander into Shilone's
subarea, everyone dies. Go back to anchor and regroup, or escape and
regroup, come back with more nospell damage.

2\. Everyone is blind in Shilone's subarea and no one has a nospell way
to cure blindness. Wander, blind, back to the spellable area. Then
speedrun back to her corpse and hope the [Hazy Crystal
Sleeves](Hazy_Crystal_Sleeves "wikilink") and [daughter's
spirit](daughter's_spirit "wikilink") are still on the ground.

3\. Accidentally gave the Spirit Guard tank item to the spirit of
Shilone or the Spirit Forge. They're in safe rooms, they are happy to
keep the t0 shard gear in their inventory until reboot.

[Category:Spirit Forge](Category:Spirit_Forge "wikilink")
[Category:Grandfathered Gear](Category:Grandfathered_Gear "wikilink")
[Category:Shard Area Gear](Category:Shard_Area_Gear "wikilink")
