Recommended Group size: 13-16, 4+ tanks 5+ casters, at 1-2+ healers, and
1+ archer (needed))  
Note \#1: this run generally takes 2 spellups, 1 for the ticket, 1 for
the gear.  
Note \#2: You don't need to have an archer on the actual run; you can
bring corpses back to Thorngate and have someone alt to an arc/fus and
skin the corpses there.  
Note \#3: 2n e from shift is Lloydable

### Ticket portion

Planeshift to FireRealm and after shift is dead, head 3n 3e. After
entering the water room, head up and then n e. Send a tank to areaspell
the two Massive Fire Elementals (show up on scan as **Impossibly large
flames burn with a deadly rage**, in a room called **Eye of the
Storm**.) and head up to enter the Great Inferno. The next portion is a
maze. The summit is 13 rooms away. At the summit (Room name: **Inferno's
Summit**), the Inferno Dragon (Scan description: **A multi-colored
winged terror flies through fire to attack you**)awaits. She has no
wield, and is the only mob in the room. Kill her and skin the corpse of
*the Breath of the Dragon* ticket. Camp the ticket (if desired).  
Note: The Great Inferno subarea can get extremely swarmy. I've had a 9
mob swarm once which was very draining on the priest.  
If you don't want to follow the map, or want to avoid a big room, the
dragon can be tracked.

Summary:

`3n,3e,u,n,u,e leads to the Great Inferno subarea, then`  
`u,w,u,n,u,w,u,s,6u through the maze to the dragon`

### Gear portion

Planeshift to FireRealm and after shift is dead, head 3s w d e. You will
enter the Emberforge (the entire area is noregen), a subarea that has
3-4 nospell rooms. From the first entrance room Head 2n 3e s, kill
Incendiary Forger to get the [Sparking Key](Sparking_Key "wikilink").
Then walk back to the first room and head 2s 3e n kill Catalyst forger
for the [Bleeding Key](Bleeding_Key "wikilink"). Walk back to the first
room. Unlock and move east, and then unlock east again, and send a tank
to kill Iconoclastor. He loads with the [Lava
Striders](Lava_Striders "wikilink").  
Note: The Iconoclastor will periodically summon guards but they are
extremely weak.  
Portal Lava naga from Iconoclastor's room and regen either in proper, or
at home. If you have a paladin or druid, the room 2n e from shift can be
safe havened and is lloydable. After regenning, track or portal
Valarauco (Scan description: **A demon of fire lashes out at its
enemies**) and Malarauko (Scan description: **A demon of fire destroys
everything it surveys**), the demon twins that hold *the heart of Heat*
(Valarauco) and *the limit of Light* (Malarauko). These two items are
tickets, used in conjugation with Breath of the Dragon, to enter the
Phoenix Room. Malarukao and Valarukao hit decently hard, and demonfire.
If the two mobs are untrackable, use the where command to locate them.
They may have wandered into the Emberforge area. If that is the case,
you must return there (3s w d e from shift) and wander until you find
them.  
With the tickets, portal to Lava Naga and track Asland. Form your chain
and send a tank into the 4 mob room. Asland is an archer type mob and
may switch targets and he also uses ebony arrows. Fyr and Kohl hit
decently hard. While the group is in battle, have the leader give Breath
of the Dragon to Puritan (and have Heart of Heat and Limit of Light in
inventory). This will open up a gateway into the Burning Throne where
the Burning Phoenix is. Asland loads with the [Pelt Of Flame's
Perfection](Pelt_Of_Flame's_Perfection "wikilink"). Have a tank enter
the gateway to Phoenix room and attack him, and the rest of the group
follow. Once again, the Phoenix room only has 1 mob and is extremely
easy. Skin the corpse for [Phoenix-Feather
Greaves](Phoenix-Feather_Greaves "wikilink"). Regen in this room if you
decide to camp.  
Note: The Burning Phoenix will eat corpses.  

Puritan's room is 3s, 3w from Fire shift. The gateway does not last very
long -- about 4 ticks. Experimentally it was spawned at 23:43:43 and
gone at 23:45:38.

[Category: Gear In Firerealm](Category:_Gear_In_Firerealm "wikilink")
[Category: Firerealm Proper](Category:_Firerealm_Proper "wikilink")
