*One of the most reclusive animals known to exist, these creatures are
said to never leave home. Being only able to live in a very hot
temperature, Fire Newts are only found in mountains with a recent
volcanic history. Such a place can be found along [the mountain
path](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink"), far north of [the
meadow](:Category:_Meadow "wikilink").*

**Level Range:** 7-15

**Builder:** Nirrad

## Directions

Walking route from [Nom](Nom "wikilink"): 9n, \[n\], w, 15n, 6e.

Walking route from [Sol](Sol "wikilink"): 3e, 2n, 3e, 8n, 6e.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [fire newt
leader](Fire_Newt_Leader "wikilink").

## Connections

This area is connected to [Highways/Great
Wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink").

## Navigation

This area is linear at first, going straight down the volcano, with a
few rooms off to the side. The path splits into two forks at the end,
with the [Fire Newt Leader](Fire_Newt_Leader "wikilink") to the west,
and the [Fire Newt Priest](Fire_Newt_Priest "wikilink") to the east. See
the map for more details.

## Adventuring

Don't.

On a more serious note, this area is pretty terrible for exp unless your
character is highly spelled. The mobs are grouped together in large
numbers, a good number have weapons, and nearly all of them are
[aggressive](Aggressive_Mobs "wikilink"). All this adds up to a swarm of
mobs overtaking you.

There isn't too much in the way of gear in this area, either. Most
players that visit this area are much higher level than the suggested
area range, and use it to fix their [alignment](Alignment "wikilink") by
killing the swarms of newts, or for grabbing an [Orange
Potion](Orange_Potion "wikilink") or two.

[Category: Lowmort 1-10 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_1-10_Areas "wikilink")
[Category: Lowmort 11-20
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink")
