*Solace is the smallest of our Realm's 4 major cities:
[Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard "wikilink"), Solace,
[Cathracharraig](:Category:_Cathracharraig "wikilink") and
[Mervue](:Category:_Mervue "wikilink"). It is just outside of
[Nom](Nom "wikilink")'s [Meadow](:Category:_Meadow "wikilink"), and
enjoys a thriving trade in supplying young adventurers with weapons,
supplies and equipment. A trustworthy money changer used to be found at
the end of the market to keep gold safe until
[Kir'tal](Kir'tal "wikilink") opened up [his
bank](Stonehall_(sw)_(Stonehall) "wikilink") within
[Stonehall](:Category:_Stonehall "wikilink").*

**Level Range:** 5-18

**Builder:** Strahd

## Directions

Walking route from [Nom](Nom "wikilink"): n, 8w, 2s.

Walking route from [Sol](Sol "wikilink"): 3e, 2s.

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 17w, s, 5w, 3n, 3w, s.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Otik
Sandath](Otik_Sandath "wikilink").

## Connections

Solace's most often used connection is from [the White Stone
Road](:Category:Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink") (entering into the north
end of the town), but also has useful connections to the
[Airways](:Category:Airways "wikilink") (reached from the Intersection
of the Main Road in the centre of town, providing quick routes to the
other main cities and the [Wildwood](:Category:Wildwood "wikilink") for
those who can fly) and [Crystalmir
Lake](:Category:Crystalmir_Lake "wikilink") (from the south end of
town).

There also exists several ways into and out of the
[Orphanage](:Category:Orphanage "wikilink") (the most easily accessible
being east opposite the Inn of the Last Home), and the entrance to the
[Catacombs of Solace](:Category:Catacombs_Of_Solace "wikilink") (found
under the Inn of the Last Home).

## Navigation

There are perhaps three distinct areas of Solace.

-   The **Inn of the Last Home** (found just west of the northern
    entrance to the town) contains a few rooms downstairs, and rather a
    lot more upstairs. Upstairs has a crowded **Common Room**, big
    enough to have two end, a long curving hallway and three guest
    rooms, at least two of which are usually occupied.

<!-- -->

-   The **Townguard Administration Building** is a large sprawling
    complex and is found east off the main road, opposite the
    **Marketplace**. Most of the rooms here are empty and rather dull
    hallways of no interest. A few offices and meeting rooms contain
    mobs though, which may be of interest - chief amongst them being the
    Town Clerk, the Foreign Trade Representative, the Sergeant, the
    Lieutenant and the Captain (who is the easiest to reach just north
    when you enter the building, and also the start of the Solace Patrol
    quest).

<!-- -->

-   The rest of the town includes the **Marketplace**, west of the main
    road opposite the road the **Townguard Administration Building** and
    is home to no less than 8 separate shopkeepers, each specializing in
    different goods. The south end of town can be described as a figure
    8 on its side, **East** and **West Gullen Way** branching off from
    the **Intersection at Main Road**, becoming **Ketra Road** and
    **Harvest Road** respectively as they turn south, and then both
    become **Small Alleys** as they return to the south gate, and the
    **Main Road** leading north. Four more shopkeepers can be found on
    this circuit, including one which sells pets. In addition, you can
    also find a gambling den, a ghostly restaurant and a number of
    houses.

## Adventuring

The town of Solace has guards, but no [established
law](:Category:_Lawful_Areas "wikilink"). Guards will gang up on you
while fighting in town. The guards usually carry enchanted pikes,
hammers, or longswords, and always black platemail. It should be noted
that the guards found in the two towers at the corners of the small
alleyways and Harvest and Ketra roads are aggressive. Citizens and old
ladies are fairly good XP for their level, but are often assisted by the
guards if there are any around. As in most Midgaardian cities, the first
mobs you will encounter are steadfast beggars (though these seem to load
only rarely in Solace). These are good for fixing alignment, as most
White Stone Road mobs are heroic and lower it. Solace mobs themselves
are generally of high alignment, and so can make respelling with frenzy
or full awen irritating if too many kills occur in a row. Alternately,
you can always kill kobolds to raise alignment.

In the Inn of the Last Home, there are lots of adventurers bunched
together nice and close, which works well until they begin to assist on
you at a certain level - in which case you had better be well spelled.
Magnus and Lord Doom (also in the Inn) are tougher than they look -
especially Lord Doom, who wears invis EQ and wields - though both have
some useful equipment.

Also often sought after is a tired adventurer wearing [Chamorro
Ringmail](Chamorro_Ringmail "wikilink"). He is usually found in West
Gullen Way, NOT the Inn where a lot of similar adventurers hang out.

The Administration Building is generally not worth visiting, unless you
are hunting for specific mobs for either equipment, gold or quests.
However, if you visit the gambler ghost in the south of the town and
give him 100 gold, he will play a dice game with you, and you may double
your money - or just lose it.

[Category: Lowmort 1-10 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_1-10_Areas "wikilink")
[Category: Lowmort 11-20
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink")
