*Buried deep within [the graveyard of
Reveria](:Category:_Graves_Of_Reveria.md "wikilink"), the necropolis is
the final resting place of all of the High Drows who thought it their
place to rise up against the now-goddess Veyah L'Aturii. All were slain,
their misery and suffering staining the walls; some say they still walk
these very halls, the undead waiting to lay claim to the body of their
betrayer. Lately there have been rumors, whispers of the driders coming
from afar to seek revenge for their Mistress Lloth's lost throne. And in
the hidden room, far from the danger but never the hearts of her
betrayed, a piece of Veyah waits for the world to turn again...*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** [Zahri](User:AlexyAnna.md "wikilink")

This [area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") was added in 2006 Nov.

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 14n, 8w, n, e, 4d, s,
d, w, 2d, e, d, e, d, w, d, 2s, d, s, 2e, u, 4s, u, 3w, n, d, \[d\].  
Walking route from [Mourning Drow](Mourning_Drow "wikilink"): w, \[w\],
w, n, d, \[d\].

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: None.

## Connections

This area is connected to the [Graves Of
Reveria](:Category:Graves_Of_Reveria.md "wikilink")
([map](Graves_Of_Reveria_Map.md "wikilink")) by an exit upward in the
northeastmost corner of the area.

## Navigation

The area's layout is pretty simple.. The top layer, where you enter in
the northeast corner, is basically a large 7x7 square ring, with a few
small branches. The important branches are downward in the southeastern
and southwestern area, since these lead to the bottom layer of the area:
a 3x3 square with in the center the *Before The Altar Of Veyah* room -
an important quest location.

All rooms are cursed, and there is one that is
[anti-magic](Anti-Magic_Rooms.md "wikilink") - the very southeastmost
room of the top layer, containing three [Small Blue-Ice
Fires](Small_Blue-Ice_Fire "wikilink"), also important for the
[Smoldering Crown Of Dying Fire
Quest](Smoldering_Crown_Of_Dying_Fire_Quest "wikilink").

In the southern east-west passage, there's a branch with a single room
(*A Small Southern Room Off The Main Path*). No mobs wander in there, so
it's safe to sleep there. Also, the first room in the area (the one you
land up following directions above) is full safe.

## Adventuring

Nice xp, can bring up to 6 people groups here. All of the mobs are big
and many of them wield. The mothers/fathers/children/crone don't aggie,
all of the guards/driders/betrayers do. The children are wimpy. Pretty
much everything that aggies, sees hidden/invis as well. Scan/kill, move
slowly and try to pick off the aggie mobs in the room first.

Most of the mobs [wander](Wandering_Mobs.md "wikilink") a couple of the
mobs also [drift](Drifting_Mobs.md "wikilink"). The area does not tend
to be too swarmy, since there are usually only 2 exits to each room.

There is one invis stabber here ([skilled
assassin](Skilled_Assassin.md "wikilink")) which pops near the entrance
of the area, though it wanders. A couple of mobs spawn non-invis spies
on killing them, which also stab. These mobs are the [ancient
crone](Old_Crone.md "wikilink") and one [high drow
child](High_Drow_Child.md "wikilink") (scan desciption says that it's
overcome with emotion).

The down part of the area has mostly stationary mobs which are a bit
bigger than the rest of the area. They also cast spells (mindbender and
sorcerer spells), so you may skip this portion if you deem it too risky.
The [ring of ice-blue fire](Ring_Of_Ice-Blue_Fire.md "wikilink") (aggie)
carries [sulfurous ashes](Sulfurous_Ashes.md "wikilink") and the
[commander](General_Commander_For_Veyah_L'Aturii.md "wikilink") carries
[consecrated ashes](Consecrated_Ashes.md "wikilink").

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
