The main mob of interest is the [Broken Oni](Broken_Oni "wikilink"). He
holds [Omayra's Kit](Omayra's_Kit "wikilink") (rare alleg)
[Blood-Mithril Shackle](Blood-Mithril_Shackle "wikilink"), the [Pick Of
The Mastador](Pick_Of_The_Mastador "wikilink"), and [Rediscovering
Ether, Book 2 In A 3 Part
Series](Rediscovering_Ether,_Book_2_In_A_3_Part_Series "wikilink"). The
Oni can also be skinned for the [Eye Of The
Oni](Eye_Of_The_Oni "wikilink"). There are multiple paths to get the
broken key, and multiple paths to find Oni. It is a complicated area and
can require some time to find a way that works for you.

## Directions

You need the broken key to open the door to Oni's cell. If you don't
already have it, you will need the bloody key to get the broken key. A
picker and door basher are nice..if not requried. If you have some or
all of the keys, you can skip large parts of the directions below.

From the blood river anchor, go 3nw6n. This room is labeled A Sudden
Drop and will be referenced below.

Once you enter the area through the sudden drop, the path will be 4n. To
the west of here is a locked door, it can be picked or you will need the
bloody key, which is found on a random bloodwalker in the area
underneath the sudden drop (bloodwalkers are invis, so look for eyes).
The bloodwalkers dont seem to go up, back toward the anchor, so you
should only have to wander around 10ish rooms to find them all. Once you
have the bloody key go back to the door 4n from the drop (nw section of
the bloodwalker area), unlock west (from sudden drop, d4n, unl w) (there
may be multiple doors into this section that the key can be used on).
Then, the broken key can be found by going a couple w, one north, unlock
north, then following a short path north and east. It spawns on the
ground. Once you've acquired this key, you're looking for one of the
many up exits. The recommended one is to backtrack to the first door
that you used the bloody key on, and then go east north(from the sudden
drop, d4nen). Bashdoor up to enter the prison area.

The second section is the prison area. There are some drifters here but
nothing too dangerous. You will be able to regen now if desired. From
bashdoor up, it's west then south then pick and go south.

The corpse collector can be identified on scan "A staggeringly huge
golem is coated in corpses and gore." AVOID HIM AT ALL COSTS. (he will
steal groupmates and put them in a cage, track them to find them)

Then go 2e4n You should see a locked door to the east. This is the door
to the Oni. There are 5 mobs in this small section that wander between
the 2 rooms. None of these mobs are that big. Clear them out and go
south to kill the oni. For camping purposes, either regen 1n of the oni,
or go n w s s as it's a fairly safe room. Note, if you leave the Oni
area, the key has limited uses so be aware if it breaks.

[Category: Gear In Noctopia](Category:_Gear_In_Noctopia "wikilink")
[Category: Pits Of Blood And
Chain](Category:_Pits_Of_Blood_And_Chain "wikilink")
