*Long after the obliteration of the high [drow](Drow.md "wikilink"), the
world of the surface [drow](Drow.md "wikilink") stood on the brink of a
similar fate. By sheer fortune or divine grace (none can say for
certain), the [drow](Drow.md "wikilink") stumbled onto an underground
fortress built by their ancestors. Although it meant forsaking the
surface, long their beloved home, the [drow](Drow.md "wikilink") took
shelter deep within the earth. Time passed, and an earthquake shook the
land, devastating the finally rebuilt fortress. All but a few died.
Among the survivors were [a king](Drow_King_E'Kim.md "wikilink"), [a
princess](I'Sal's_Spirit.md "wikilink"), and some prisoners. In order to
prevent such a catastrophe from occurring again, the court of [King
E'Kim](Drow_King_E'Kim.md "wikilink") was frozen by Ellstraee's
intervention. Sealed in time to protect its inhabitants, the Frozen
Court of [E'Kim](Drow_King_E'Kim.md "wikilink") is guarded by
[drow](Drow.md "wikilink") soldiers, the only living, breathing
creatures to still roam its desecrated halls... at least, so it is
said... Rumors tell of a beautiful [drow
maiden](I'Sal's_Spirit.md "wikilink") and [her human
lover](Kaz-Cyton's_Spirit.md "wikilink"), one, a princess, the other, a
prisoner, but both equally trapped. What secrets lie within this
subterranean outpost? The answer, yet untouched by the outside world,
remains buried, along with so many others, beneath the dust of ages.*

**Level Range:** 35-41

**Builder:** Seifer

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 14n, 8w, n, e, 4d, s,
d, w, d, e, 2d, e, d, w, d, 2s, d, 2e, n, e, u, e, s, 3e, 2s, 2e, u, 4n.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Ellstraee](Drow_Priestess_Of_Ellstraee.md "wikilink"), [Human
Explorer](Human_Explorer "wikilink").

## Connections

## Navigation

## Adventuring

This is great area for soloing around level 25-35, depending on how buff
you are obviously, and is rarely run. There are a couple fun quests as
well.

[Category: Lowmort 31-40
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_31-40_Areas "wikilink") [Category: Lowmort
41-50 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_41-50_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Incomplete](Category:_Incomplete "wikilink")
