*Long ago, when the kingdom of
[Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard "wikilink") was young,
[humans](Humans "wikilink") pushed eastward into the great forest,
[Wildwood](:Category:_Wildwood "wikilink"). For the most part, the
farmers who first started making the woods their humble home met with
little trouble, perhaps the occasional wolf or bear, but nothing
unusual. Then came Thane Alonso LeMans, head of House LeMans,
viniculturists who learned the secrets of wine-making from the [High
Elves](High_Elves "wikilink") in the Ancient Days. LeMans began
construction of a mammoth estate in
[Wildwood](:Category:_Wildwood "wikilink"), to the east of the early
farms. He hired scores of workers, even resorting to hiring
[Orcs](Orcs "wikilink"), and began tearing down vast tracts of forest to
make room for his vineyards. But the Guardians of the Forest were
displeased with LeMans' arrogance, and the day his mansion was
completed, all those inside, including all the workers and the guests,
were transformed into hideous, unnatural beasts, resembling animals of
the forest gone horribly wrong. It was this tragedy that led to the
construction of the [Great
Wall](:Category:Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink") a few years later.
LeMans' mansion lies outside the Wall. What became of the inhabitants is
largely unknown. None who have sought the House of Beasts have returned
alive...*

**Level Range:** 45-50

**Builder:** Dev

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 16e, \[e\], 2e, n, 2e,
3s, 3e, 3n, 2w, 3n, w, 2n.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [guardian
treant](Guardian_Treant "wikilink") (note: there are a few and they
wander).

## Connections

The House is reached via the western edge of the
[Wildwood](:Category:_Wildwood "wikilink").

## Navigation

Approaching from the Wildwood, you will encounter a narrow north-south
path along a **Natural Wall**. An unlocked door in the the wall will
lead you west into an **Overgrown Garden** which comprises of a
collection of linked loops. The easternmost is the smallest and is
closest to the door leading back towards the Wildwood, while the
northern and southern ones lead nowhere but back to the central set. To
the west a couple of entrances into the house proper can be found, both
of which lead into a **Dilapidated Dining Hall**.

From here, a hall leads north and south and provides access to those
sections of the House, while a larger hall leads west directly into the
**Grand Hall**, which pretty much comprises the western wing. The
southern wing is composed of a conservatory and a library, which links
the small north-south hall with another very similar one which connects
the south wing to the north via the westerly **Grand Hall**. The north
wing is a mirror in physical layer out of the south, but is made up of a
kitchen area and a small dining room. Various doors are shut between the
rooms and prevent the mobs here from wandering overly, if at all.

From the **Grand Hall**, the second floor can be reached and the six
room **Audience Chamber**. To the north of here, beyond a door lies some
ruined guest suit, while to the south and also behind a door, is a
**Private Anteroom**. To the east beyond here is **LeMan's Private
Chamber**.

## Adventuring

A popular place to visit to level solo or in groups for those on the
last run up to Hero, House of Beasts can take a character all the way up
Hero if needed, or at least level 50 and readiness for a DC quest. Some
players prefer to abandon the area by around level 47 for easier Hero
level areas though, to continue to make high xp kills. This is
particularly true for high tnl races.

The Treants allong the **wall** are generally to be avoided as they have
a tendency to use lightning breath, which not only hurts but also can
damage your equipment.

The mobs in the **garden** are the easiest, with a couple of exceptions.
Panthermen will be aggie (and indeed any mob in the area with the name
man or human will be aggie), the mongrelman is somewhat harder than any
other mob in the garden and may catch an unwary player off guard, and
the scarab is poisonous.

There are a number of other poisonous mobs in the area, and generally
they are to be avoided. The poisons here are probably stronger than
anything you will have encountered so far at Lowmort and can quite
easily kill an unwary player before they can get assistance. Poisonous
mobs will have names which include some kind of poisonous animal - like
a hawkcobra.

Inside the House itself, there are a lot more aggie mobs. Scanning
frequently and leaving doors closed will usually mean that you can
navigate around them, or ambush them instead of them you. The mobs on
the first floor are generally weaker than those on the second floor,
which are not only at the tougher end, but also more numerous, so as you
gain levels you are more likely to get assists jumping into the fights.

Invis and move hidden both work well in this area and making use of them
will ensure that you can pick and choose your targets in the House
itself a lot more effectively, and also that in the event of your death
you can CR yourself without any problem.

None of the mobs wear any gear (apart from Lemans at the end, and he not
on the list of usual mobs for lowmorts to kill), and all except for the
treants respond to they keyword 'monster', which makes fast stacked
commands and fast slaying easy.

[Category: Lowmort 41-50
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_41-50_Areas "wikilink")
