*Just off the trade route to [Mt Durr](:Category:_Mt_Durr "wikilink")
and [Odevar Hills](:Category:_Odevar_Hills "wikilink") is a cavern,
stretching deep into the hillside, rumoured to be the home of the mad
[cleric](:Category:_Clerics "wikilink") [Fizzdop](Fizzdop "wikilink"),
who worships unknown gods.*

**Level Range:** 5-11

**Builder:** Sunfire

**Grandfathered:** March 2013

## Directions

Walking route from [Sol](Sol "wikilink"): 3e, 2n, 3e, 5n, w, s.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [painting
Death](Painting_Of_Death "wikilink").

## Connections

This area is connected to [Highways/Great
Wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink").

## Navigation

This area is fairly linear. [Fizzdop](Fizzdop "wikilink") is found at
the end of the lair. See the Adventuring section for more details.

## Adventuring

Fizzdop's lair is another [area](:Category:_Areas "wikilink") that
suffers from a shortage of [mobs](:Category:_Mobs "wikilink"). It is
located right outside the [Village of
Gnimh](:Category:_Village_Of_Gnimh "wikilink"), though, so I suppose one
could stop here on the way to plundering the gnome village.

Near the entrance there is a priest of easy difficulty and a bit tougher
wizard. 3sd from entrance will bring you through a teleporter to the
lower level; going down will return you again to the upper level.

On the lower level are two stationary guards, located 2e and e all s e
from the teleporter: they will [aggy](Aggressive_Mobs "wikilink") you,
and do have wields and armor, but aren't terribly tough. Of greater
concerns are the paintings that are e all s from the teleporter: they're
pretty big and they'll assist, so be careful. You'll also find some dogs
and a brass robot wandering randomly on the second floor.

If you follow the path east from the paintings, you'll eventually find
[Fizzdrop](Fizzdop "wikilink") and Dosgod. The room is no exit, so
you'll have to [recall](Recall "wikilink") once you're done (also
annoying), and [Fizzdop](Fizzdop "wikilink") can be tough. Save yourself
the trouble and skip this room, unless you're seeking the [spiked
platemail](Spiked_Platemail "wikilink").

[Category: Grandfathered
Areas](Category:_Grandfathered_Areas "wikilink")
