<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Once a player reaches level 850, he/she is considered an Immortal
of Avatar. Immortals are extremely important in keeping Avatar running
smoothly. They play many different roles and handle any kind of
character problems, such as equipment reimbursements, offensive
behavior, and inter-character problems. Immortals also aid in the
improvement of Avatar by suggesting or even writing new features for the
MUD. They edit, write and fix areas. Immortals occasionally run quests
and contests. Immortals are here to answer your questions to the best of
their ability or help you find someone who can answer your
questions.</p>
<p>Immortals on Avatar do not provide "divine intervention" to mortals.
DO NOT expect an Imm to help you level, give you free equipment (and you
cannot pay for equipment either), perform corpse retrievals - except in
rare circumstances at the discretion of the Immortal, give you levels
except in cases of certain quest or contest rewards, or give you gold.
It is considered improper to ask for intervention as it might be
considered cheating which would be punishable by denial for both the
Immortal and the mortal involved.</p>
<p>If for some reason something unusual happens and it is necessary to
discuss it with an Immortal, please find the most junior Imm on at the
time. Reimbursements, information you have about possible causes of
crashes, or inter-character quarrels are all good examples of things
that imms expect to be asked to correct. It is important to respect the
role of an Immortal, as they work hard to improve Avatar.</p>
<p>You can contact the immortal staff by sending an in-game <a
href="note" title="wikilink">note</a> to immortal on board 2, or an
out-of-game email to: <em>immortal's name</em> @outland.org</p>
<p>You can also use the <a href="pray" title="wikilink">PRAY</a> channel
to send a message to all the <a href="wizlist"
title="wikilink">immortals</a> and <a href=":Category:_Angels"
title="wikilink">angels</a> online at that time, request assistance from
the community at large using <a href="nchat" title="wikilink">NCHAT</a>,
or send a <a href="tell" title="wikilink">TELL</a> to the most junior
immortal around (unless you really need the more senior immortal's
assistance).</p>
<p><strong><a href="Level" title="wikilink">Levels</a>:</strong> 850 -
1000</p>
<p>See also <a href="Wizlist" title="wikilink">List of Immortals</a>, <a
href=":Category:Retired_Immortals" title="wikilink">List of Retired
Immortals</a>, <a href=":Category:_Angels"
title="wikilink">Angels</a>.</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

[Category: Miscellaneous](Category:_Miscellaneous "wikilink") [Category:
Tiers](Category:_Tiers "wikilink")
