Removed [Black Leather Gloves](Black_Leather_Gloves "wikilink") as these
are low-mort gear (by level); replaced with [Mithril Web
Gloves](Mithril_Web_Gloves "wikilink") which are pretty easy to get, if
a little time-consuming. --[Tyranael](User:Tyranael.md "wikilink")
11:46, 25 December 2011 (CST)

The reason why the Black Leather Gloves are included as they have the
improves damage and criticals modifiers and at level 54 which you
achieve by lord enchants and other methods of raising level there is an
argument that they are better than gear with 5 hit roll and criticals
modifier.

By the same logic the tiger skin cloak, slag walkers and drow headress
should be removed as they are low mort gear too? Nah.

In general you have to think that things have been done for a reason so
its best to query stuff on talk pages before deleting stuff or you get
into edit wars with people EG: the stealth modifiers page.

Anyway Added about Archery modifiers and explained why black gloves are
there, you get the general idea of what I am saying I'm sure some people
can make it clearer. --[Rhodry](User:Rhodry.md "wikilink") 08:28, 26
December 2011 (EST)

Ran a test with Black Leather Gloves vs. Mithril Web Gloves. Both items
were level 54 and all tests were against non-sanced mobs wearing no
gear. Fully spelled fus soloing in Sir Michael's. Only counting
non-fumbled, non-crit hits. The black leather was better than mithril
with a test of about 60 hits each and improved by two levels of damage
(from \*MANGLING\* to \*\*\*MANGLING\*\*\*\*). So the 5 HR/DR is not as
good as improving archery damage modifier. Since Mithril has an accuracy
mod I looked at fumbles and misses. There was no major difference - 21
misses vs 22 misses and 6 fumbles vs 7 fumbles). Keep your black leather
glovs. --[Ylem](User:Ylem.md "wikilink") 13:35, 27 December 2011 (EST)

Nice findings, Ylem. Will start using talk pages in lieu of just blowing
things away :) --[Tyranael](User:Tyranael.md "wikilink") 15:40, 28
December 2011 (EST)

i tested this with a full-spelled fus killing just the scouts around sir
michael's (no trip, splinter stones, not counting crits/fumbles, both
gloves lvl 54) and also found the black leather gloves to do more
damage, but not by much. i got an avg of mangling with mithril web
gloves and MANGLING with black leather gloves. when dmg verbs were
converted to the lower value of their point range from the table here on
the wiki and averaged i had an 87 point difference in favor of the
mithril web gloves. my sample size wasn't huge though, i only used 20
verbs from each glove.--[3nki](User:3nki.md "wikilink") 12:34, 27
January 2012 (EST)

i wonder if thrown weapons, for fus, benefit from archer mods? or if
only the hr matters? and the dr maybe? not that thrown weapons are that
big a deal...--[3nki](User:3nki.md "wikilink") 12:49, 27 January 2012
(EST)

Removed "[a bright red sash](Bright_Red_Sash.md "wikilink")" (waist
item) because it has the modifier "It hinders archery."
[AEton](User:AEton.md "wikilink")
([talk](User_talk:AEton.md "wikilink")). This may have been too hasty;
I'll put it back with a warning. Unclear if this has any effect
(ARC_HINDER may not do anything in the waist slot). 01:07, 27 August
2018 (EDT)
