Also known as crown. Suggested Group Size: 30, but once you're
comfortable with the run you can get away with less. Can be a 2 spell-up
run (with a regen before Aziz-Ra on the second floor and a 2nd regen at
the top of the pinnacle before Spirit)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

You first need to get a key ([Carved And Polished
Diamond](Carved_And_Polished_Diamond "wikilink")) from [Sellah The
Survivor](Sellah_The_Survivor "wikilink"), who is n, w, w from shift.
Then lead the group due east toward the [Crimson
Glacier](:Category:Crimson_Glacier.md "wikilink").

Crimson Glacier: u n d 3n u —  
All nospell. Tcho-Tchos only mobs. It's nice if casters have sanc/heal
brandies in case you get stuck here for a while

First Floor: n w 3n e s, or n e 3n w s —  
Mid-high sized mobs, almost all armed. Dense mob concentration, but the
final room is semi-safe. Note that the second to last room is
[lloydable](lloydable "wikilink").

Second Floor: 3x3 square (goal is far south, entrance is far north) —  
Dense mob concentration, and the beasts sniffing are berserkers, the
largest moving mob on that floor. Target lies in the south middle:
[Aziz-Ra The Corrupter](Aziz-Ra_The_Corrupter "wikilink"), and a couple
other sentinel mobs. Aziz-Ra wields the [Broken Blade Of
Karnath](Broken_Blade_Of_Karnath "wikilink") (15/15) and has the [Cloak
Of Darkness](Cloak_Of_Darkness "wikilink"), the corrupter holds the
[Sphere Of Burning Souls](Sphere_Of_Burning_Souls "wikilink"). The key
is used in this big mob room to unlock south and enter the tower.

The Tower: straight up —  
The first room in this is as safe as you'd get a place to respell.
Watchers are big, vicious, and armed. It's 5u from the first room to the
pinnacle, the top floor.

The Pinnacle: 3x3 square with a tail on the south side (entrance at tip
of tail) —  
All the mobs are very large and dangerous, mostly armed, and there are
demons which can demonfire and web.

The [Spirit of Aziz-Ra](Spirit_of_Aziz-Ra "wikilink"), a [Half-Formed
Demon](Half-Formed_Demon "wikilink"), the [Many Faces of
Evil](Many_Faces_of_Evil "wikilink"), and the [Left Hand of
Darkness](Left_Hand_of_Darkness "wikilink") await 2n from the first
room. Occasionally one of the mobs in this room casts mass fear, which
does wonders to mess up a tank chain. Left Hand is an illusionist and
holds the [Glimmer Of Hellfire](Glimmer_Of_Hellfire "wikilink"). Spirit
of Aziz-Ra is a battlemage that has the
[crown](Jeweled_Crown_Of_Aziz-Ra.md "wikilink") and [Netherworld
Dagger](Netherworld_Dagger "wikilink") (18/18). The safest room to camp
is 2s from gear

[Category:Dark Pyramid](Category:Dark_Pyramid "wikilink") [Category:Gear
In Karnath](Category:Gear_In_Karnath "wikilink")
