Is there a place that indicates the different affect/damage the arrows
do? For example does [flaming arrows](Flaming_Arrow.md "wikilink") do
anything different than a [piercing
arrows](Piercing_Arrow.md "wikilink")? Their individual pages do not
indicate as such. Do the higher level of arrows do more damage? I would
assume that the level you can learn to make the arrows indicate that
they have a specific level of comparison - but is there in details on
these? Despite the fact my first hero is an archer - I'm in the dark on
this. --[Ylem](User:Ylem.md "wikilink") 14:07, 29 November 2006 (CST)

OK - after a quick web search I found a relatively detailed archer page
with bow/arrow information. I'll see if I can pull that in in some
manner. --[Ylem](User:Ylem.md "wikilink") 15:32, 29 November 2006 (CST)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Arrows. Lowbie arrows follow the levels listed. IE
Standard/steel/barbed/(poison?)/flaming/piercing.

Barbed arrows have the potential to stick in the mob (-dr affect vs
characters can be seen if you fight drider hunters in web).

Damagewise, Splinters hit 2nd hardest of all non-quest hero arrows (2nd
only to Explosive Arrows); but suck against armored mobs.

Piercing Arrows are the 3rd best arrow at hero (below Splinter and
Explosive); and suffer no damage penalty against armored mobs.

Generally; hero arc would have large stocks of piercing AND splinter
arrows; and switch between them depending on what areas are being run.
Explosive arrows are difficult to fletch; but hit considerably harder
than any hero arrow (besides quest ones).

Other than the rare situation where using poison arrows would be
beneficial (UD, soloing, etc); there is no point to use lowmortal arrows
on a hero character. --[Kerdor](User:Kerdor.md "wikilink") 16:08, 29
November 2006 (CST)

Personally at lowmort I always used barbed till I got piercing.

In general use splinters if you get 2 nils in a row swap to piercing as
time goes by you will know which areas need certain ammo, and after a
bit longer you will know which particular mobs, EG Morte is all
splinters, divide is piercers (well, when you get to the dwarfs it is)

--[Rhodry](User:Redwinter.md "wikilink")
