Tickets:

`a scrap of dirty cloth`  
`a necklace of assorted wood`  

I have no idea what to do with the second, and the first seems
worthless. Not sure where the second comes from, but I know it's from
one of the human mobs in trans. The scrap pops on the ground (not sure
what part of trans, it's annoying to figure out), and at least one mob
takes it. Not sure where this mob in (it's a semi-safe room, as there is
only one exit to the east in the room, and the door pops shut), but
after you give the mob the cloth, he's like "This isn't from my sister's
cloak, but thank you nonetheless" and then he makes an enterable ring
that'll take you 2e from Stone trickster.

Found [Some Squashed Wyrmlings](Some_Squashed_Wyrmlings "wikilink")
here. Ticket item. Tried giving it to almost all the mobs in this area
and none were interested. Ideas? --[Ylem](User:Ylem.md "wikilink")
16:22, 17 January 2012 (CST)

^^ Related to the necklace of assorted wood ticket. Consider grabbing
that with an archer type. --[Neyne](User:Neyne.md "wikilink") 18:45, 17
January 2012 (CST)

there's something with the Tangle of Roots in the secret passage near
entrance, i can't pick them up though. from Last Trace of Order it's
sw4sw ... aha! i just figured out that you can open the Tangle of Roots,
and inside get the Glowing Root, which is a ticket for something. as to
those other tickets, one of the scraps i think is on the ground
south-eastish, and one of the rangers takes a ticket i think. also the
druid behind secret door. sorry i havent done all the quests so i'm not
sure who does what with the items.--[3nki](User:3nki.md "wikilink")
18:08, 17 January 2012 (CST)

3nki - that is the start of the Shield of the Tree which I just recently
detailed. You give that to the scarred ent to start it.
--[Ylem](User:Ylem.md "wikilink") 20:43, 17 January 2012 (CST)
