*This area has no official description.*

**Level Range:** 3-9

**Builder:** Binky

## Directions

Walking route from [Nom](Nom.md "wikilink"): n, 8w, 2n, w.

Walking route from [Sol](Sol.md "wikilink"): 3e, 2n, w.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Ticket
Clerk](Ticket_Clerk.md "wikilink").

## Connections

This area is connected to [Highways/Great
Wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink") and [Rivers Of
Avatar](:Category:_Rivers_Of_Avatar.md "wikilink").

## Navigation

Most people enter this area through the northern entrance connected to
[Highways/Great Wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink"). The
first section is the vendors and freak show outside the Circus, and
contains the mobs with the keys to the chests at the end. The second
section is inside the Circus, and is accessed by buying a ticket from
the [Ticket Clerk](Ticket_Clerk "wikilink"). The third section is the
pens and trailers of the freak show members, and is accessed by finding
a hidden door. See the Adventuring section for more details.

## Adventuring

Another gem of the newbie game, the circus is where most new players
first flex their problem solving muscle in pursuit of the [strongman's
bracers](Strongman's_Bracers.md "wikilink"). It's got lots of
[mobs](:Category:_Mobs.md "wikilink"), some danger, and an interesting
[room](:Category:_Rooms.md "wikilink") structure, as well as useful
[gear](:Category:_Gear.md "wikilink"). Remember to use
[consider](Consider.md "wikilink"), and to watch your
[align](Alignment.md "wikilink"), as most
[mobs](:Category:_Mobs.md "wikilink") will drop it.

At the entrance of the circus, [buy](Buy.md "wikilink") a ticket from
the [clerk](Ticket_Clerk.md "wikilink"), but don't even think about
fighting him - he's the biggest mob in the area and will smish you.

Immediately inside the circus area, there are plenty of
mothers/children/fathers wandering around, who are all of about the same
difficulty. East from the cotton candy vendor is the freak show - they
are a bit harder than the normal mobs but all carry keys to their
respective tents. Ivan the strongman (who has the key to the
[strongman's bracers](Strongman's_Bracers.md "wikilink") in his tent) is
[hidden](Hide_Flag.md "wikilink"), so you'll have to get a detect
[potion](:Category:_Potions.md "wikilink") of some sort or [holy
sight](Holy_Sight.md "wikilink") to see him.

Farther south is the entrance to the big top, which you can
[unlock](Unlock.md "wikilink") with the ticket purchased from the
[clerk](Ticket_Clerk.md "wikilink"). Inside the big top there are
wandering audience members, which are about the same difficulty as the
mobs outside, but tend to [flee](Flee.md "wikilink"). The ringmaster, 1s
from the entrance, is a bit tougher then the rest of the mobs.

South from the ringmaster is the second ring, which has a bunch of
clowns. I'm not sure if they assist, but you might not want to find out
if there are a lot in the room. Down from the clowns is... more clowns!

East from the second ring is the knife thrower and his assistant. The
knife thrower has a wield, and drugged food (which will cast
[sleep](Sleep_(spell).md "wikilink") on you, so don't
[eat](Eat.md "wikilink") it). Also, be careful of his assistant - she's
wearing the blindfold, which you'll have to die or get a
[psi](:Category:_Psionicists.md "wikilink") to
[decept](Deception.md "wikilink") off if you accidentally put it on.

West from the second ring is a locked
[door](:Category:_Doors.md "wikilink"), through which is the first ring
and the nasty aggy [corpse-eating](Corpse-Eating_Mobs.md "wikilink")
lions. Needless to say, you'll want to stay out of the room unless you
have a pressing reason not to.

Up from the second ring is the tightrope, which holds a few tightrope
walker mobs (about average difficulty), and 3w and a hidden door down
leads to behind the big top. Make sure you go all the way to the end -
2wd will land you in the lion's pen.

South from the trap door is the pens, which have one horse, two
elephant, and two bear mobs all of identical difficulty. Try the horse
first to see how you can handle before moving on, and be warned that the
bears [will aggy](Aggressive_Mobs.md "wikilink") and the elephants [will
assist](Assistive_Mobs.md "wikilink").

East from the trap door is the performers tents, the best of which is
the strongman's (for the [bracers](Strongman's_Bracers.md "wikilink"))
-- the guard dog in the midget's tent [will
aggy](Aggressive_Mobs.md "wikilink"), but he's not tough. Farther east
and south is the circus owner, which is the second toughest mob in the
area. He's holding the key to a secret leading to a small amount of
gold, but I would stay away from him.

All west from the trap door will lead you out of the area into the
[Rivers of Avatar](:Category:_Rivers_Of_Avatar.md "wikilink").

[Category: Grandfathered
Areas](Category:_Grandfathered_Areas "wikilink")
