*Just westward from a small halfling village lies the quaint and
friendly altar to the Sunling - a Sun God if you will, worshiped by the
local halfling population. Presumably the protector and creator of the
halfling race, the deity receives various offerings, mostly food from a
wide palette of different sources - vegetables, meat, and an occasional
well-seasoned half-orc.*

*A tourist to this remote location will find it interesting to observe
the local rituals, as well as try the local cuisine, though the general
trepidation surrounding the halflings indicates there is more than meets
the eye going on around the altar. An occasional well-muffled scream may
confirm this fear.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** [WinterRose](User:WinterRose "wikilink")

## Directions

Walking route from [Eragora default
recall](Eragora_default_recall "wikilink"): 2s, d, 6e, 2s, 2e, 2s, e,
2s, 4e, 2s, 2e, d, 2e, 3s

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [ Halfling
salad-worker](Halfling_Salad-Worker "wikilink") is the beginning of the
area. [Seneca Rotberry](Seneca_Rotberry "wikilink") is another portal
point deeper in the area.

## Connections

-   [Eragora Walkways](:Category:Eragora_Walkways "wikilink")
    ([map](Eragora_Walkways_Map "wikilink"))
-   [Halfling Tunnels](:Category:Halfling_Tunnels "wikilink")
    ([map](Halfling_Tunnels_Map "wikilink"))
-   [Halfling's Paradise](:Category:Halfling's_Paradise "wikilink")
    ([map](Halfling's_Paradise_Map "wikilink"))

## Navigation

The area is built in layers, with multiple vertical pathways connecting
them. Top layer is mostly uncursed and recallable, and non-aggie (most
of the time, see below). Lower levels are mostly cursed, but due to
compactness of the zone every room is relatively close to a portalable
point.

## Adventuring

### Aggressiveness and Dialogue

The difficulty of the area depends on your Eragoran allegiance, which
can be [pro-halfling](Halfling_Detective_Quest "wikilink"), neutral or
[pro-half-orc](Mountain_Adventurer_Quest "wikilink").

1.  In first case the place is rather docile, with friendly banter and
    open to questing and exploration. (Be advised, the corrals will
    always be hostile to all)
2.  With neutral allegiance every layer is progressively more dangerous,
    starting from the top layer which presents no danger at all, and
    ending at the fourth layer which is teeming with aggressive monsters
    and halflings.
3.  Half-orc allegiance will turn virtually entire area hostile and will
    close all quest avenues.

When exploring this area, pay attention to the mobs - many halflings
offer unique dialogue and are available for inquires, however some are
easy to set off, especially if you have not proven yourself. Furthermore
the banter and dialogue choices can change depending on your actions, so
feel free to revisit the mobs after significant quest advances.

To *speak* to the halflings select the highlighted word when prompted
with a menu. Only *say* the one word that is highlighted from an entry.

### Layout

The sunling temple (northwest) on the top layer contains a monk cook,
who carries [assorted herbs and
spices](Assorted_Herbs_And_Spices "wikilink"), a [burning
hands](Burning_Hands "wikilink") pill. This pill is very useful for bzks
and characters who are otherwise unable to area spell.

The middle layers feature quests that reward in very powerful gear and
insignia bonuses (and almost certain doom). See [Seneca
Rotberry](Seneca_Rotberry "wikilink"), [Ruddloaf
Mortlock](Ruddloaf_Mortlock "wikilink") and [Grogbert
Thunderbeard](Grogbert_Thunderbeard "wikilink") for some of these
quests.

Lowest level features the corrals which are intended for large casters
to run, either solo or in groups, due to high numbers of non-wielding
undead mobs. Due to same reason runs there can easily be tanked by a
priest.

## CR info

On your (eventual) death your corpse will be recovered. By halflings. To
the acolyte laboratory. Now, the acolytes are only studying corpse
reanimation and can't do it yet properly, so you better hurry and get it
back before they mess your corpse up!

Your corpse is actually transferred to a safeish, non-aggie room, to
help you recover it in case you died in a swarmy room. Dying to the
hands of [Ruddloaf Mortlock](Ruddloaf_Mortlock "wikilink") or
[Haark](Haark "wikilink"), **will** have unfortunate consequences for
your corpse, as Ruddy is an animator, and Haark likes to eat corpses.
Common sense advice would be - do not die to either. Ever.

Dying will take you to an antimagic local cloud, which is ~~not~~
*should not be* dark but has aggies roaming above it. With some
examination of your surroundings you may escape using the same method
halflings themselves access these corrals - without any danger to their
well-being. (Just go e, u, w from local cloud through a secret and safe
passage. No keys are required but the doors are lever-operated. Lever is
at your feet. Try pull leg.)

If you happen to get to safety without retrieving your corpse you can
get back there easily by walking to [Ruddloaf
Mortlock](Ruddloaf_Mortlock "wikilink"). Your corpse will be in the room
north of him.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Eragora](Category:_Eragora "wikilink")
