*He's evil I tell you, evil. Only an evil, sadistic man could create
such a terrible challenge. Room after room of fighting, praying that I
would stay alive, searching for the hidden panels, all the time hearing
Mxyzptlk's insane laughter. I barely escaped with my life. Scribes note:
at this point the subject exploded into a strange laughter and did not
speak again. Unfortunately, the subject escaped soon after this session
and was last rumored to be in the care of [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink")
the [Healer](:Category:_Healers.md "wikilink"). -Taken from the archives
of Arkham Asylum*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Santana

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 2s, \[e\], e, 2u, 2w,
u, n.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Floating
Wizard](Floating_Wizard.md "wikilink").

## Connections

-   [Midgaard](:Category:Midgaard.md "wikilink")

## Navigation

To enter the area you need to be a hero. Lords cannot participate. Give
[Scales Of Justice](Scales_Of_Justice "wikilink") to the [Floating
Wizard](Floating_Wizard "wikilink") to enter.

Since all rooms are private, you will not be able to enter an occupied
room if there is another player inside. Thus, this is supposed to be a
solo quest.

Once inside the area is a linear pathway to the north with each mob
having the key to the next mob, much akin to [House Of
Quests](:Category:House_Of_Quests.md "wikilink"). There are two safe
rooms for recuperation - west of the [Green
Knight](Green_Knight "wikilink") and east of the [Warrior
Chieftain](Warrior_Chieftain "wikilink"). Their doors are invisible but
unlocked.

Going south from any room leads to the [Floating
Wizard](Floating_Wizard "wikilink"), the sole uncursed room in the area
(and is equivalent to failing the quest, and having to retry).

## Adventuring

This area has a single item worth of note, the [Medallion Of
Justice](Medallion_Of_Justice "wikilink") carried by the final mob, [Zan
And Jayna](Zan_And_Jayna "wikilink"). If you are adventuring here, you
are probably looking for that. Kill the mobs one by one, rest if needed
in the safe rooms, and remember that you can always flee south to
safety.

Dying here is an issue since the player doing the CR will need to wait
for the area repop to get the new set of keys (unless you had the
foresight to *don all.key* prior to dying).

It may be possible to die in the final room, and then the next
adventurer to gurney the fallen player after the fight (to double up on
the next area repop), but this is not really worth the effort - just use
a bigger hero.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
