Some time after the Midgaard Officers' Benevolent Association was
compelled to stop its protection racket, its imp members hatched another
plot to separate adventurers from their gold. Having long studied the
gear abandoned by overburdened explorers, the imps were well aware of
the need for a competent, reliable storage system.

They specially commissioned a magical portal to another plane where
players' equipment could be kept safely; they installed this portal in a
room attached to the Sanctum; and they then hired several mobs to work
this retail establishment. Charging a small fee for locker rental and
maintaining relative scarcity allowed the imps to separate players from
their money without having to wait for them to enter the Void. This
first branch was so successful that MOBA was able to open a Locker
Rental Agency outlet at the posh Heroes' Circle in Midgaard, and even
Thorngate boasts an LRA, curiously suspended above ground.

It wasn't long before M.O.B.A.'s boundless greed caused its downfall.
Eager to exact the greatest profits from the LRAs, the imps neglected
the crucial magical safety precaution. They had informed customers of
the short supply of lockers; but marketing executives quickly forgot
that this limit was intended to protect the vaults' integrity, not to
manipulate supply and demand. At first a few customers complained the
lockers were holding other people's items; then some reported a sudden
emptiness; finally, a gargantuan deluge of complaints made the Immortals
declare the rental agencies closed to new business.

Under the heavy weight of immortal scrutiny, arcane flaws in the system
were dragged into the light. The system was forged anew and the gnomes
and giants returned to work, and for the most part, the system works
well.

Lately, the accountants at MOBA have discovered that they actually have
even more gold pouring in from lockers than they ought to. It appears
that somewhere among the planes there resides one or more unofficial
access artifacts, no doubt crafted by talented magic users who dream of
the incredible wealth stored away by the imps. However, as all items are
stowed and retrieved by imps, those in possession of these devices can
neither steal from the lockers of others, nor evade the fees charged by
the imps, so for now... MOBA has decided to try to tolerate the
existence of this terrible, unsanctioned source of lots and lots of free
gold.

**Level Range:** ALL  
**Builder:** AVATAR (LRA), [Iktinos](User:Iktinos.md "wikilink") (Arx
Nivea)

## Directions

-   LRA Sanctum Branch

From [Sanctum](:Category:Sanctum.md "wikilink"), go up.

-   LRA Midgaard Branch

From [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink") go 3 North, 1 East, 1 North.

-   LRA Thorngate Branch

From default recall, go Up.

-   Eragora Locker Access

From default recall, head to Arx Nivea. The locker room is within the
Quaestorium.

## Connections

It's connected to [Sanctum](:Category:Sanctum.md "wikilink").

## Navigation

This area is only one room in size. Not much to navigate.

## Comments

This area is actually on another plane, namely the 'Bug!' plane. Lords
aren't shadowed in this room. But it's nospell, so it's nothing useful.

[Category:Special Areas](Category:Special_Areas "wikilink")
