*Dividing the east and west sides of Eragora is a long mountain range.
Navigating across the surface has been seen to be impossible, thus the
only other option available is to venture deep underground. Many eager
adventurers have entered the dark confines of these tunnels only to be
never seen or heard from again.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Doolen

## Directions

Walking route from [Eragora default
recall](Eragora_default_recall "wikilink"): 2s, d, 6e, 2s, 2e, 2s, e,
2s, 4e, 2s, 2e, d, 5e, n, 2e, n, 2e

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [halfling
spy](Halfling_Spy "wikilink") is the only recall settable portal point.
The rest of the area is cursed.

## Connections

-   [Eragora Walkways](:Category:Eragora_Walkways "wikilink")
-   [Quarries and Mines](:Category:Quarries_and_Mines "wikilink")
    (inbound only)

## Navigation

The area is made of the following major parts:

-   Pre-entrance rooms, which are separated from the area proper by a
    half-orken gate, requiring either quests or sneakiness to pass
    through,
-   Post-entrance rooms, leading up to the maze,
-   Maze proper, the *insane* part of the area,
-   Another realm, the quest part of the area.

## Adventuring

This place is dangerous. However, the area offers some of the best
rewards (in terms of insignia) available in the entire hero game, which
make it a very worthwhile place to run, questwise. Dying in the maze
(especially if fleeing about) makes the CRs tricky due to large amounts
of aggie mobs before and in the maze. Same goes for the quest part of
the area, beyond the maze, which is furthermore protected by multiple
mobs. Read below for details, but the highlight is - do not take chances
here unless you enjoy very difficult CRs.

## Entering the Tunnels

To enter through you will be required to either pick a side (halfling or
half-orc) by proving your loyalty (ie. doing their
[quests](:Category:Quests_In_Mountain_Tunnels "wikilink")), or to push
hidden lever (vegetation) found at halfling spy. To get out the same
applies, there is a secret way out at the eastern side of the gate
(*enter tunnel*).

Doing the [half-orc quest](Mountain_Adventurer_Quest "wikilink") is
rather "trivial", as it involves going to an other area entirely, namely
the [Halfling's Paradise](:Category:Halfling's_Paradise "wikilink"), and
returning with the forged papers. This will reward you with a
*permahero* -2 AC insignia, access to the tunnels
([Madak](Madak "wikilink") will open the doors for 60 seconds every time
you come to him), and will set your alignment with the half-orcs, making
the half-orcs within the maze non-aggressive to you.

Choosing the [halfling side](Halfling_Detective_Quest "wikilink") is a
more difficult affair as it requires investigating the tunnels,
returning to the halfling with everything found in the post-entrance and
maze parts, but will also give you a *permahero* +3% xp insignia. This
is naturally fantastic for high-TNL races, and those not morphing early.
This quest will make your further trips inside that much easier as
halflings will not be aggressive.

## Switching Alignments

Hitting 999 might make you wish to switch to the [half-orc
insignia](Mountain_Adventurer_Insignia "wikilink"). Regardless, to
switch alignments, there are two quests, one for each side. Doing either
will set your alignment to neutral towards both halflings and half-orcs
and you will need to redo the appropriate entrance quest.

To switch to half-orken side, you will be required to travel to [Sun God
Altar](:Category:Sun_God_Altar "wikilink") and murder [Sou
f'Fle](Sou_F'Fle "wikilink") as a part of the [Half-Orc Redemption
Quest](Half-Orc_Redemption_Quest "wikilink"), and return with his
necklace. To switch to halfling side, you will need to retrieve a
certain sword from within the bowels of the maze in the [Halfling
Redemption Quest](Halfling_Redemption_Quest "wikilink").

## The Maze

Regular mazes usually run 3-4 rooms, sometimes a bit more. There is a
very hard maze at [Daingean
Machadae](:Category:Daingean_Machadae "wikilink") that counts 7 rooms.
This one is 11 rooms big, every room has a full set of 4 exits, and only
a single exit from a single room leads towards the maze exit (or back
out, for that matter). Fortunately the room exits do not change.

The maze is chock full with fully-aggressive halflings, half-orcs,
dust-imps, doppelgangers (which are always nasty), all of which see
through hidden/invisible (of course), and are of appreciative levels in
size.

Unless you know exactly what you are doing, be VERY careful, conserve
mana, and never drop under q9 calm/teleport mana. Bring extra casters
for support if needed. Brutes are welcome but, as an important reminder,
the place is chock full of doppelgangers and them copying the brutes is
generally not what you would usually wish.

As a final note, there are wind mobs inside that will push your groupies
away, meaning it is troublesome to rejoin them due to the haywire nature
and impressive size of this maze, as well as good chances they will get
caught when pushed.

## The Grand Finale

[Throdak](Throdak "wikilink") will give you a
[quest](Suntamer_Quest "wikilink") to free him, should you come and
visit him during the in-game day hours. This will require navigating the
maze to the altar, quaffing, and murdering all there is on the other
side, which again is a [story for itself](Suntamer_Quest "wikilink").
The rewards will be an exotic armor piece and weapon, but nothing overly
powerful. Also, there is no insignia for doing this quest.

## Final Comments

Area is doable with a tight but powerful group, but it's quite hard for
non-superheroes. If you wish to sight-see, use a lord, as at least you
will get the benefits of eulogy. This place will not do auto-CR for you
and getting to your corpse in the maze involves running through the
first portion of the area which is likely to aggie you several times.
Dying during the quest is even worse due to the mobprog operated nature
of the door there.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Eragora](Category:_Eragora "wikilink")
