## Inferno Peak Gear Run

**NOTE: The sceptre is available only following a Reset or Reboot.**

Shift to [Kzinti Homeworld](:Category:Kzinti_Homeworld "wikilink"). Go
e3s. You'll see an up exit with darkenbeasts on scan. This is the
Inferno Peak. Go 2u, s.

Sacrifice a group member one more south to [Projection Of
Imix](Projection_Of_Imix "wikilink") or [Pyrhaan](Pyrhaan "wikilink")
(sometimes a bird is in the same room, take care to not die to it). Go
to the Heated Outcropping (2w from Pyrhaan's room) and mercy to the
corpse.

(Don't send your only healer -- the post-mercy room can inflict 5k+
damage and wipe a group.)

Killing one of the darkenbeasts ("A darkenbeast feeds on a burnt
corpse.") here spawns the [Denizen Of The
Wasteland](Denizen_Of_The_Wasteland "wikilink"), which carries an
[Astral Disruption Rod](Astral_Disruption_Rod "wikilink") and skins for
a [Sandblasted Emerald](Sandblasted_Emerald "wikilink") (treasure, 16
kdr, -15 ac). The darkbenbeast lives on the flowing landscape. Check
'exits' to stay on the flowing landscape. No sacrifice is needed to do
only this portion of the run.

The lava tubes are filled with gassy mephits so make sure you bring at
least one good healer. Head 1s from the mercy room, then keep heading
down until you reach the lava lake. The first room appears to be a good
spot for regen (with exits up and south). Gear room is 2s. Note that
going in a non-up/down direction when presented the option will not
follow a linear path, so if you are a rogue trying to utilize
disengage/slip, be wary of this. One of the mobs carries the bloodsash
replacement ([Blazing Balteus](Blazing_Balteus "wikilink")).

Profit with [Sceptre Of Blazing
Fury](Sceptre_Of_Blazing_Fury "wikilink")!

[Category:Inferno Peak](Category:Inferno_Peak "wikilink") [Category:Gear
In Kzinti Homeworld](Category:Gear_In_Kzinti_Homeworld "wikilink")
[Category:Reboot or Reset
Runs](Category:Reboot_or_Reset_Runs "wikilink")
