*The crypt is the resting place of this realm's deceased
[Dragons](Dragons "wikilink"), and is guarded by ferocious wyrm
servants. Seeking [treasure](:Category:_Treasure "wikilink"), a well
known party of Midgaardian adventurers set out in search of the crypt
recently, led by [Svlad the Very Burly](Svlad_The_Very_Burly "wikilink")
and [Millament](Millament_The_Mad_Necromancer "wikilink"), High Sister
of the Order of UL. It has been a long time since that party disappeared
east of what once was [Ofcol](:Category:_Ofcol "wikilink").*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** GTMP

This area has been replaced by [Cloud
Dracoleum](:Category:Cloud_Dracoleum "wikilink")

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 19n, 3e, 3n, 6e, 2n.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Svlad](Svlad_The_Very_Burly "wikilink").

## Connections

-   [Highways/Great Wall](:Category:Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink")
    ([map](Highways/Great_Wall_Map "wikilink"))
-   [Tssasskkas's Lair](:Category:Tssasskkas's_Lair "wikilink")
    ([map](Tssasskkas's_Lair_Map "wikilink"))

## Navigation

The area is a simple loop with a single branch going downwards towards
[Tryystania The DracoLich](Tryystania_The_DracoLich "wikilink")'s lair.
Most of the area is cursed save for the introductionary room (where
[Svlad The Very Burly](Svlad_The_Very_Burly "wikilink") serves as portal
point), and the room just above Tryystania's lair (an excellent place to
set recall in case of impending untimely death).

## Adventuring

The area is not overly complicated or difficult, and is very small -
only 14 rooms in size. Most of the mobs (save for Tryystania) will not
see hidden characters, making it a simple affair to sneak into the pit,
set recall above Tryystania's room, and then quickly strike at the
undead dragon and [Millament The Mad
Necromancer](Millament_The_Mad_Necromancer "wikilink") - the invisible
necromancer in the room. Both have relevant gear (see the treasure
hunting page below).

While doing this, it is wise to have [autoloot](Autoloot "wikilink") on
as well as [autosac](Autosac "wikilink") - otherwise Millament will
animate Tryystania and you will be in for yet another fight.

Aside for these monetary and gear reasons, the area is rarely run.

[Category: Grandfathered
Areas](Category:_Grandfathered_Areas "wikilink")
