*In the far north, where the temperature rarely gets above freezing, a
glacier has existed for aeons, since very nearly the dawn of time.
Rarely visited by "civilization", the creatures who live there are
almost mythical to most of
[Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard.md "wikilink"), creatures like the breen,
a giant bear capable of tearing through the mightiest armor in one
swipe, or "dwellers", a crab-like creature who blends into the snow and
attacks whatever passes by. The frozen wastes have been inaccessible for
centuries, yet a legend still remains of a battle that supposedly ended
there, between [a Demon](Frozen_Demon_Tourach.md "wikilink") and [a
Saint](Spirit_Of_Saint_Manuel.md "wikilink").*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Nadreck

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 19n, 3w, 5n, d, 3n,
w, n, w, 3n, u, 2n, e, 3n, w, n, w, 11n, 6e, 4n, e.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Snowbird](Snowbird.md "wikilink") or [Breen](Breen "wikilink").

## Connections

The top level of the area is connected to
[Stormkeep](:Category:Stormkeep.md "wikilink") on the top level, to the
west. I can recommend a short stop there if you're waiting for repop.

## Navigation

The area consists of a few layers. The top layer is portable, the others
are all cursed. The exits downward are in the northern part of the top
layer. From there, going either east or west will take you back up.
Going south will allow you to go down even further. You can notice
you've made it to this part if you come in 4 rooms directly above each
other. From here, go south, then either e n or w n to get to the lowest
level. But there's quite a few ice elementals on this level, so don't
hurry.  
If you do go down, you'll be close to the [Frozen Demon
Tourach](Frozen_Demon_Tourach "wikilink") and the [Spirit Of Saint
Manuel](Spirit_Of_Saint_Manuel "wikilink").

## Adventuring

There are quite a few aggies in this area and they all detect hidden, so
I'd suggest against having too many people with low hps in your group.
Other than that, this area is great for xp.  
The Wolves and Breen are corpse eaters. Only the Snowbirds don't aggie,
all of the others do. Sometimes it might be hard to tell what mob you're
looking at when just looking at scan descripion, but most of them have
the keywords 'snow' or 'ice' in them.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
