Recommended group size: about 20  
This is a run with many hard hitting powerful mobs, you need a very well
balanced group with several healers, 6-10 large tanks, and at least 5
damage casters. As you gain more damage casters fewer tanks are needed.
Psi's and Rog's can be very helpful in quickly navigating to the respell
room. You should easily be able to get there with 20 ticks on spells in
a well balanced group. In the respell room you can use a Prs but it may
be less riskly to have people spell themselves as you won't have a time
when the whole group is without spells, uses walls for protection if
you're going to respell with a Prs. If you've made it to the regen room
quickly with minimal death (sor's don't count) you should be in good
shape to make it to Fluent and clear it. Once you do clear the room
quickly move to a regen room, catching 3 more pops is easily done and
you can spend time socializing with your fellow groupies.

Shift to [Karnath](:Category:Karnath.md "wikilink") and make your way to
the ocean of blood. From shift it is w4s. This isn't a strict path, so
if you want you can go 2sw2s to avoid mobs. Ocean can be very swarmy.
Many of the mobs there wield. Do a quick check on your group's health
before entering.

From the entrance to the ocean go s 5w u to enter the [Silent
Sphinx](:Category:Silent_Sphinx.md "wikilink"). Like before, this isn't
a strict path, so move as you please to dodge mobs.

Once inside the [Silent Sphinx](:Category:Silent_Sphinx.md "wikilink")
go 6n 3e 2s w 2s e 2s u n to reach the room just before the "Belly of
the Beast", you should be in "A Narrow Hallway" with only n/s exits and
the north exit being "Belly of the Beast". This is the best place to
regen and respell, but if you have a buff group you can attempt the
impressive "one spellup shackles" run.

Once you're healthy enough (while still in "A Narrow Hallway") go n s 2e
d u from the regen room. Note that this is a maze, so if groupies sleep
in this section they are liable to get left behind. Once you go up
you'll be in the Head of the Sphinx, and unable to return to the belly.

The head of the sphinx is a small portion of the area, only 5 rooms, and
it is PACKED with powerful mobs. 2s from the entrace to the head is
[Fluent](Fluent_The_Wise.md "wikilink")'s room. It is in this room that
you'll find the [Broken Shackles Of
Tyranny](Broken_Shackles_Of_Tyranny "wikilink"), [Show Of
Loyalty](Show_Of_Loyalty "wikilink"), [Ring Of The
Wise](Ring_Of_The_Wise "wikilink"), and [Staff Of
Karnath](Staff_Of_Karnath "wikilink").

If you clear [Fluent](Fluent_The_Wise.md "wikilink")'s room successfully
you can go east or west for (relatively) safe camping rooms, or you can
go down to reach a [Homeshiftable](Homeshift "wikilink") room in the
[Accursed Lands](:Category:Accursed_Lands.md "wikilink").

[Category:Gear In Karnath](Category:Gear_In_Karnath "wikilink")
[Category:Silent Sphinx](Category:Silent_Sphinx "wikilink")
