*All [mages](:Category:_Mages "wikilink") learn some magic that
harnesses the power of the sky, but only a few have the dedication to
become Stormlords. Masters of the weather, Stormlords wield a unique
arsenal of sustained damage-over-time spells. They are tougher than
[mages](:Category:_Mages "wikilink"), but give up some of their
[surging](Surge "wikilink") power as they favor more reliable,
consistant damage.*

*Like all [Prestige Classes](:Category:_Prestige_Classes "wikilink"),
they retain the [original class](:Category:_Core_Classes "wikilink")'s
[Prime Requisite](Prime_Requisite "wikilink"), in this case,
[Intelligence](Intelligence "wikilink"). Stormlords find the magic of
[Sorcerors](:Category:_Sorcerers "wikilink") to be a perversion of
nature, and thus never gain access to that [Remort
Class](:Category:_Remort_Classes "wikilink").*

**Abbreviation:** Stm.

**[Base Class](:Category:_Core_Classes "wikilink"):**
[Mage](:Category:_Mages "wikilink").

**[Prime Requisite](Prime_Requisite "wikilink"):**
[Intelligence](Intelligence "wikilink").

## Stormlords in General

Stormlords are very similar to their parent class
([Mages](:Category:_Mages "wikilink")) until hero level 101, where they
begin to differ. For a guide how to play a stormlord up to hero 101, see
the article on [Mages](:Category:_Mages "wikilink").

After hero 101 stormlords focus on [sustained
spells](:Category:Stormlord_Class_Definers "wikilink"). These spells
require the caster to stand still and not enter any commands except
*look*, *score*, *gtalk*, *time* and similar - even *group*, *buddytalk*
or *scan* will break the maintained spells, for example. In return,
these spells give little to no lag, are relatively cheap to cast and
deal considerable damage (as well as other effects, depending on the
spell). After hero level 675 when stormlords gain access to
[Stratum](Stratum "wikilink"), which is a special spell (cast it before
casting another maintained spell) that enhances the effectiveness of
other maintained spells.

This type of spellcasting makes stormlords suitable for grouping, as
they find it difficult to run out of mana, and their spells work best
when being tanked. The primary downside of stormlords - their surging
ability being capped at 3 - does not apply to the sustained spells
(which are unsurgeable), but will limit their solo activities to some
degree.

Stormlords lack some relatively important abilities like [Charge
Shield](Charge_Shield "wikilink"), [Ward](Ward "wikilink"), [Mystical
Barrier](Mystical_Barrier "wikilink"), [Sneak](Sneak "wikilink"), [Move
Hidden](Move_Hidden "wikilink") and [Amplify](Amplify "wikilink").
However, their [Spring Rain](Spring_Rain "wikilink") is again unique in
the party-friendliness as it helps with hp and mana regeneration, which
is especially noticeable on the smaller lvl characters. This is why some
players like to leave their stormlords raining in Sanctum Infirmary to
help all the other players with regeneration.

## Stormlord Creation

To become a Stormlord you need to have three requirements:

1.  Level 50 [Mage](:Category:_Mages "wikilink").
2.  A race without the [no-sun racial](Racial_Nosun "wikilink").
    [Gargoyles](Gargoyles "wikilink") are exempt from the no-sun rule,
    however. (Incidentally, Stormlords,
    [Rippers](:Category:Rippers "wikilink") and
    [Viziers](:Category:Viziers "wikilink") are the only prestige
    classes gargoyles are applicable for, and they actually make decent
    stm.)
3.  The weather must be stormy (lightning). To accomplish this, cast
    [Control Weather](Control_Weather "wikilink") with the argument
    "worse" once per game hour (about 10 minutes) until it starts to
    storm. This can take a while, as the weather can be stubborn.

Once these requirements have been met, seek out
[Yazimetra](Yazimetra "wikilink") in the
[Airways](:Category:Airways "wikilink") (portable), and she will induct
you.

## Stormlords at Hero Tier

As noted above, until hero 101 the stormlords behave identical to mages
without sneak and move hidden and with a cap on surging. Post hero 101
their grouping capabilities expand and they become great hitters and
solid tanks (tanking is similar to other casters).

### Training

Akin to most casters, train wisdom first (to get more practice points),
then intelligence (for more mana points) and finally constitution (for
more hp points). Leave strength and dexterity for when you can afford
the practices, as dexterity only modifies your
[AC](Armor_Class "wikilink") and strength gives a minor boost to melee
damage and the carry capacity.

### Practicing

Practice the regular skills and spells: sanctuary, frenzy, cure
blind/poison/disease, foci-subspells (if you haven't already), all
transportation spells (you should already have these), the weapon subset
(parry, dodge, shield block, second and third attack, enhanced damage,
dual) and finally the cures up to heal for emergencies.

Once hero 101+ these major spells are available:

-   [Cloudburst](Cloudburst "wikilink") - the primary single-target
    attack spell. It costs about a quarter of a disintegrate and does
    more damage.
-   [Hail Storm](Hail_Storm "wikilink") - the primary area attack spell,
    it does significantly more damage than [Acid
    Rain](Acid_Rain "wikilink") for about a third of the cost.
-   [Sleet](Sleet "wikilink") - useful on EHA runs or wherever bashing
    enemies helps the group more than the stormlord's other damage
    spells.
-   [Gale](Gale "wikilink") - rarely used until Lord tier, it prevents
    the enemy archers from longshoting into the group's room.
-   [Spring Rain](Spring_Rain "wikilink") - incredibly useful in and off
    the battlefield, the spring rain slowly fills up mana and hp of
    everyone in the room.
-   [Stratum](Stratum "wikilink") - Only available to superheroes and
    lords, stratum increases the effectiveness of all the sustained
    spells, but is costly and prone to interruptions.

### Devoting

See [Mages and Worship](:Category:Mages#Worshipping "wikilink") and
[Mages and Devoting](:Category:Mages#Devoting "wikilink").

It is important to have in mind that stormlords are more party-friendly
than regular mages or wizards. They have more HP, less mana, cheaper
spells, and do their best while being grouped. Thus, the combat oriented
gods ([Quixoltan](Quixoltan "wikilink") and [Bhyss](Bhyss "wikilink"))
make more sense than they would for a typical mage.

This is because:

-   While grouped stormlords do regular melee damage whenever not
    sustaining spells. Both Qxl and Bhy help melee damage.
-   Stm spell activation causes little to no lag, and it is possible to
    break the sustaining whenever one wishes. Thus the Qxl lag penalty
    is not relevant.
-   Stm get more hp than mages, so Bhy HP penalty might not be
    noticeable.
-   Stm get less mana than mages, but maintaining their weather spells
    cost half of mage's usual spells by default, and they deal more
    damage - so Bhy's lack of mana gain bonus may not be relevant
    either.

### Fighting

**Soloing:** Until Hero 101, stormlords solo [identical to
mages](:Category:Mages#Fighting_2 "wikilink"). Once they practice their
weather spells, use those instead.

It is critical to realize that sustained spells only work if the
stormlord is not interrupted! This means if the mobs attack before the
stm does, they will interrupt and the spell will immediately fall. Thus,
at all times, the stm needs to be *on top* of the mobs using
**linkrefresh** command after the area repops (or simply relog).

**Tanking:** Stormlords can tank as well as mages can, and to be able to
use their stormlord spells they need to be *ontop* of the target they
are fighting. Same as above, use the **linkrefresh group** command as
soon as the area repops as this will help both the weather spells and
the groupies' overall hitting.

**Hitting:** Make pretty decent hitters once they get some mana,
especially if somewhat more brutish race and/or worshiping a
melee-increasing deities like Quixoltan or Bhyss. Cloudburst does better
damage than disintegrate, and it's activation works with chaos channel;
so even a stm with relatively low mana can run for a pretty long time.
Hail storm if the tank is fighting multiple mobs. If in EHA, of if the
group has dedicated bashers, consider sleet where appropriate.

**Healing:** Same as most other arcane casters, stormlords can brandish
healing staves, and also have access to [Heal](Heal "wikilink") in
emergencies. It's worth noting the [Arcane
Knowledge](Arcane_Knowledge "wikilink") skill is out-of-class for
Stormlords.

## Stormlords at Lord Tier

At lord tier, stormlords receive comparable mana to a mage, but use it
at a faster rate since they lack chaos channel and need to recast their
sustained spells every time they get hit by an area spell. This can be
mitigated somewhat by using strata (see below), and even more if you are
fortunate enough to find a priest willing to cast
[Solitude](Solitude "wikilink") on you. Since maelstrom does
comparatively little damage and they don't get access to meteor swarm,
they use [Thunderhead](Thunderhead "wikilink") and
[Blizzard](Blizzard "wikilink") for single-target and area attacks,
respectively.

Another utility spell is [Stratum](Stratum "wikilink"), which is not
used much at hero tier due to high costs and being easily interrupted.
Using a gale stratum will allow you to avoid most area effect spells
which would have damaged you as well as stopped your sustained spell.
Sleet stratum lowers your chances of getting aggied (in addition to
making bashes easier), although it'll break the first time you do get
aggied and you can't stratum again for a few ticks after. Thunderhead or
blizzard stratum raise the damage done by their respective spells,
allowing you to hit harder.

At lord level 25, you become able to learn [Strata
Control](Strata_Control "wikilink"), which essentially lets you have 2
strata at the same time (they can't be 2 of the same, though). All
strata will break if you are aggied or if you rest/sleep, and forced
breaking such as that render it exhausted for about 4 ticks. If you need
quick surge damage Maelstrom is a costly and somewhat effective option,
but avoid doing this unless frequent and numerous area attacks are being
used and you can't use a gale stratum.

All in all, stormlords typically serve the same role in groups as most
casters do: damage dealers. The damage is higher and more consistent
than mage casting, but requires lots of mana and some micromanagement of
sustained spells and strata for optimal output. Stormlords who finish
regenning before the rest of the group can also provide spring rain to
speed up regen of their groupies.

## Stormlord Remort Options

Stormlords cannot remort class, so only racial remort is available. Stm
is one of the most forgiving casting classes for races without nofail
due to the lack of lag on sustained spells. At lord tier, any race with
a larger mana pool (such as Elf, Tua, Cen) will be very effective. Note
that sprites can struggle with this class somewhat compared to many
other casting classes due to their lack of reliable damage avoidance
spells (e.g. mystical barrier, illusory shield), so expect to suffer a
bit more from area spells and wandering aggros.

[Category:Prestige Classes](Category:Prestige_Classes "wikilink")
