*The Man known as [Undrehand](Undrehand.md "wikilink") is an
ex-[thief](:Category:_Rogues.md "wikilink") who has recently claimed to
be of Noble Blood, and seized all the land between [Woodbridge
Road](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink") and the [Dwarven
Trade Route](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink") as his own,
including the [halfling](Halflings.md "wikilink") farming village of
[Heather Flats](:Category:_Heather_Flats.md "wikilink"). According to
most maps, this land is really part of the protectorate of the [High
Elven](High_Elves.md "wikilink") [Kingdom of the
Willows](:Category:_Kingdom_Of_The_Willows.md "wikilink").*

**Level Range:** 15-18

**Builder:** Dev

## Directions

Walking route from [Sol](Sol.md "wikilink"): 3e, s, 3e, 3s, 5e, n, 4e,
3n, e, 2n, w, 3n, 3w, n, 4w.

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 13w, 3n, e, 2n, w,
3n, 3w, n, 4w.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Undrehand](Undrehand.md "wikilink").

Zmud speedwalking directions from Aelmon: .13w3ne2nw3n3wn4w

## Connections

Undrehand connects only with [Heather
Flats](:Category:Heather_Flats.md "wikilink"), and is reached by a path
which can be accessed west of the town square or west from the small
path which enters Heather Flats from the [Dwarven Trade
Route](:Category:Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink").

## Navigation

The area can be roughly divided into two sections:

-   Outside the house, which starts with a path leading north and west
    around the house proper, and ends in the Orc Encampment to the
    northwest of the area.

<!-- -->

-   Inside the house, reached either through the front entrance at the
    beginning of the path, or through a balcony accessed from the Orken
    Encampment. The house itself consists of a large courtyard bordered
    on the south and east sides by a shaded walkway, Undrehand's
    personal chambers on the western side (including the balcony which
    leads out) and the staff area to the north.

## Adventuring

There are a number of aggressive mobs in this area, and most of them
wear several pieces of gear making them tougher and more dangerous than
their levels might suggest. It is advised to proceed with caution here,
unless strongly spelled. With strong spells though, it can be a good
area to solo in, providing good xp.

The outside of the house is generally safe, except for the Orken Leader,
[Uzzo](Uzzo "wikilink"). He is not only aggressive, but wields a nice
weapon. However, he does not move, so can be safely avoided. Moving
through the Orken Encampment is is an easy way to get access to
Undrehand on his balcony without being worried about being jumped.

Inside the house, [Orken Enforcers](Enforcer_Orc.md "wikilink") are
aggressive and can cause trouble. In the staff quarters, safely behind a
door, things are different though. The mobs here are less well armed,
and easier to deal with with little chance of an aggressive guard
wandering in on you at an inconvenient time.

[Category: Lowmort 11-20
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink")
