**NOTE: Lodestone is available only following a Reboot.**

Run is known as lodestone (or simply "lode") - this is a melee run.

Before leaving [Thorngate](:Category:Thorngate "wikilink"), make sure
you have 2-3 [Pink Potions](Pink_Potion "wikilink") for each tank to
drink in the final gear room.

From [Water](:Category:Water "wikilink") shift, go 3dw2d to reach the
"core" room to which you will need to keep returning as you collect the
four keys from the four different elemental areas.

From this core room, the areas lie as follow: water to the north, air to
the south, fire to the east, and earth to the west â€” the last two areas
are nospell!

The keys are carried by the essences of water, air, fire, and earth, or
by respective scanning keywords: "amorphous," "face forms," "roaring
flame," and "collosal." (n, s, e, w) Make sure to have any archers in
the group keep an eye out for these essences on scan. One good archer
using longshot can make this run **much** easier!

The room 1u from the core room is as safe as you're gonna get, and
should be used for regenning & respelling as needed.

[Ageless Decly](Ageless_Decly "wikilink") and her friend [Nibnobe The
Illusionist](Nibnobe_The_Illusionist "wikilink") lie behind 4 locked
rooms down from the core room, and though the last room is nospell, the
preceding three rooms (which each contain two mobs) allow casting. As
the gear room is nospell, have casters surge off their mana in the three
preceeding rooms. Once the group is regenned and ready to get the gear
it is customary to send the casters home.

Keep all but two brutes in hitgear at all times, as the hitting will be
needed. It is strongly recommended to have at least 24 ticks left on
spells before entering any elemental area or the final gear mob area.
The earth elemental area contains disarmers and gear stompers, so pay
very close attention!

As you make your way down close the doors above you, in case group
members get dread cast on them and flee.

Be sure to have groupies carry [Pink Potions](Pink_Potion "wikilink")
**in their inventory** for the final room. If the potions are in a
container, then the blind tank will not be able to get it out. If you're
late in the tank chain don't quaff your [Pink
Potions](Pink_Potion "wikilink") early in the fight, especially if you
don't have too many. Sometimes [Nibnobe The
Illusionist](Nibnobe_The_Illusionist "wikilink") casts fear on a tank.
If this happens the tank chain needs to be prepared to skip this tank,
as they will be unable to rescue.

Besides the [Lodestone](Lodestone "wikilink"), this run will also get
you the [Rod Of Elemental Power](Rod_Of_Elemental_Power "wikilink"), the
[Necroscope's Box](Necroscope's_Box "wikilink"), and the [Staff Of
Prophecy](Staff_Of_Prophecy "wikilink").

[Category:Reckoning](Category:Reckoning "wikilink") [Category:Reboot
Only](Category:Reboot_Only "wikilink")
