*The Hunting is a forested area somewhere east of the [Great
Wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall.md "wikilink") where the
[Troglodytes](Troglodytes.md "wikilink") spend their time gathering the
meat of any creature found within. It's a confusing maze of twisting
forest paths that lead wayward [Heroes](:Category:_Hero.md "wikilink")
toward a brutal confrontation with the leader of this group of
[Trogs](Troglodytes.md "wikilink"), [Aruna](Aruna.md "wikilink"). Rumor
has it that [Aruna](Aruna.md "wikilink") wears a magical [bone
necklace](Carved_Bone_Necklace.md "wikilink") that makes her almost
invincible.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Arundel

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 16e, \[e\], 2e, n,
2e, 3s, 3e, 3n, 2w, 3n, w, n, e, n, e, 3n, 2e, 2s, 3e, 2s, 2e, 3s, 2e,
s.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [General
Rusla](General_Rusla.md "wikilink") (Aggie).

## Connections

-   [Wildwood](:Category:Wildwood.md "wikilink")
    ([Map](Wildwood_Map.md "wikilink"))

## Navigation

The first part of the area is a small 4-room maze (*In Wooded Hills*)
that will randomize itself on every area repop. It leads either back
into [Wildwood](:Category:Wildwood.md "wikilink") on towards the second
part of the area (either eastern or western side, depending on your exit
point).

Second part of the area is the Hunting proper (*In a Hilled Forest*),
which is a series of linear corridors with some branching rooms.

Only a single room is cursed - the room in which
[Aruna](Aruna "wikilink") resides.

## Adventuring

Good [exp](Experience_Points.md "wikilink") for a small
[hero](:Category:_Hero.md "wikilink") group. Portal point is [trog
lieu](Trog_Lieutenant.md "wikilink"), or, if you're after the [carved
bone necklace](Carved_Bone_Necklace.md "wikilink"), [gen
rus](General_Rusla.md "wikilink").

This area is best for large duos or normal trios. The lieutenants are
aggressive, wander and bite; so, scan often and kill them first. They
also pack a good punch, so deception or disarm are a good idea. The
soldiers are wimpy and don't assist. The big snag in this area is that
every once in a while, you're going to portal to a lieutenant who
happens to be in the general's room. This will either kill the party or
cost enough hp to seriously damage a run.

## Affects

As of October 2011, the area features a tiny increase in experience
gains and a major increase in mana regeneration.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
