Suggested Group Size: 8-10

After [Tarterus](:Category:Tarterus.md "wikilink") shift, portal garg
(or just walk 3e, s, u). If you don't already have the [Cold Iron
Key](Cold_Iron_Key "wikilink") you'll need to get it before entering the
[Garden](:Category:Garden.md "wikilink"), whose entrance is to the
south.

If you need the key, you're in luck, in the gargoyle room is a fountain.
Drinking from it will take you to another part of
[Tarterus](:Category:Tarterus.md "wikilink"), where
[Anthraxus](Anthraxus "wikilink") and some of his friends hang out.
[Anthraxus](Anthraxus "wikilink") holds the [Boots of
Planewalking](Boots_of_Planewalking "wikilink"), the [Belt Of
Souls](Belt_Of_Souls "wikilink"), and the [Cold Iron
Key](Cold_Iron_Key "wikilink"). His room is sometimes particularly
painful, so make sure you have a tank chain in place before you try to
clear it. Also, before you go, you need to pick one person (preferably a
sponge :) ) to stay behind so you can portal to them and get back to the
gargoyle room, where the entrance to the garden is. Once the group is
ready tell the head of the tank chain to quaff, and have the rest of the
group follow. Make sure someone casts a portal/nexus to the person who
was left behind. They can also quaff once the portal is up. Also note
that quaffing from the fountain plagues you, so it's good to have the
person who stayed behind cast mass aid when they finally join up with
the rest of the group.

Once you have the key, unlock the gate in the gargoyle room and go one
south. Now you are in the garden. To get the [Black
Armband](Black_Armband "wikilink"), go 7s, 3w, n, e, n. Alternatively,
walk 3s, 3w, s, e, s. This is the room with the
[Gravemaster](Gravemaster "wikilink"). To camp, regen 1n of
[Gravemaster](Gravemaster "wikilink"). This section of the area also has
a high concentration of [Digger Demons](Digger_Demon "wikilink"), which
are very nice exp mobs.

For the [Stone Wings](Stone_Wings "wikilink") and [Great Shield
Tyranny](Great_Shield_Tyranny "wikilink"), you need to find the [Statue
Of Tiamat](Statue_Of_Tiamat "wikilink"). From the main north/south path
that you used to enter the [Garden](:Category:Garden.md "wikilink")
you'll want to go all south (8s from the gargoyles), 3e, 5s, 4w, s.
That's where the Statues of Tiamat and Anthraxus are. This southwestern
section of the garden isn't particularly dangerous, so you shouldn't
have much trouble camping if that's what you're into.

The vambraces ([red](Black_Dragonscale_Vambrace.md "wikilink"),
[green](Green_Dragonscale_Vambrace.md "wikilink"),
[white](White_Dragonscale_Vambrace.md "wikilink"),
[black](Black_Dragonscale_Vambrace.md "wikilink"),
[blue](Blue_Dragonscale_Vambrace.md "wikilink")) are all located on
appropriately colored Dragon Statues. These are all located slightly
east or west off the path that leads south from the gate and the
fountain.

Also, see the [map](Garden_Map.md "wikilink") if it will help you.

[Category:Garden](Category:Garden "wikilink")
