*There is a group of monks who originally worshipped the
[god](:Category:_Gods_And_Goddesses "wikilink"),
[Gorn](Gorn "wikilink"). [Gorn](Gorn "wikilink")'s prescripts prohibited
the drawing of blood of thy fellow creatures, it did not prohibit the
use of body to bring people into the light which is the Almighty Blessed
[Gorn](Gorn "wikilink").*

*These monks developed a series of skills based upon a bare-handed
fighting style. Through speed and skill these fierce and faithful
followers fight with purity of body and soul for the glory of
[Gorn](Gorn "wikilink").*

*Since that time, there have been factions which have split off and
started worshipping their own
[gods](:Category:_Gods_And_Goddesses "wikilink"). They have, however,
maintained the practices that have existed for the past 2000 years.*

**Abbreviation:** Mon.

**[Prime Requisite](Prime_Requisite "wikilink"):**
[Dexterity](Dexterity "wikilink").

## Monks in General

Monks are naturally suited to [tank](Tanks "wikilink") with high
dexterity and many counterattack skills which increase their
effectiveness as tanks. They also get a decent amount of mana which can
be useful in a pinch.

While monks (and [shadowfists](:Category:Shadowfists "wikilink")) are
better tanks than hitters they can do hitting with the right gear,
particularly with a gorn worship. Hit roll (hr) is important as well as
damage roll (dr) on gear since you want as many of the monks multiple
open hand attacks to hit as possible.

## Monk Creation

Good creatable races for monks are orc (good hp, dex), ogr (much better
hp, lower dex), kzn (much better dex, lower hp), gar (armorstone,
orc-ish hp, golem option). Good remort races are trl (revival makes trl
monk a super tank), drg (if you can handle the tnl), grf, gol, min.
Despite the appearance of being a dex-based class, dex has little impact
on a monk's ability to crane style and therefore counterattack, so for
the time being, brute races are preferred, and delicately-built
dex-heavy races are generally avoided.

Imps are also a great choice for monk, but as usual they are terrible
until later evolutions. Also, they cannot worship until lord, but this
isn't a big deal for a monk anyway.

## Monks at Lowmort Tier

Depending on race and the way you level your monk, it is easiest to use
weapons instead of fighting open-handed. At level 10 you get [inner
balance](Inner_Balance "wikilink") and at level 15 you get [scorpion
style](Scorpion_Style "wikilink"), either of which could be a turnpoint
for your race. If it's not (you'll have to experiment and see), it's
wise to wait until level 25 where you get your open hand [third
attack](Bear_Technique "wikilink").

### Training

Recommended stat training order is: wis, con, int, dex, str. You can
reverse str and dex, or maybe mix em up a bit, it doesn't matter much.
The first three are best trained in the mentioned order though.

### Practicing

Since gorn gives such a nice practice cost decrease, I'd say wait until
level 10 before you practice, or maybe practice dodge (and maybe fast
healing). Unless you decide to open hand early on, then that is a must
(but not recommended). It's best to practice open hand as soon as you
stop using weapons.

### Worshipping

Monks "normally" worship Gorn for his bonus to open hand damage and
other monk related activities. Werredan is also popular, for the hp
bonus and the xp bonus. Your open hand dmg will be somewhat nerfed,
you'll rarely counter, but damn, you get a big hp boost. Quixoltan gives
good stats and also helps a bit with monk damage, but increases lag on
skills and spells.

### Fighting

**Soloing:**

**Tanking:**

**Hitting:**

## Monk Prestige Options

Those Monks who have more sinister desires may opt to become
[Shadowfists](:Category:_Shadowfists "wikilink") at any time from Mortal
level 50 to Hero level 100.

## Monks at Hero Tier

Monks usually serve as tanks at all tiers.

### Training

### Practicing

### Devoting

### Fighting

**Soloing:** Soloing is possible, especially with a gorn worship. When
soloing spelled, go for as much AC gear as you need... that's general
advice, but it is mostly dependent on how much hp you have. Note that
some hit gear has armor (-ac) bonuses, and conversely some AC gear has
hr/dr bonuses. Unspelled soloing is a lot harder, but not impossible.
You'll need a mix of ac and hit roll gear for that (without losing too
much ac), and lots of patience.

**Tanking:** Monks are great tanks. Remember to keep your hands free (no
shields, no swords) for using your monk abilities. Your ac is going to
be less than you're use to, but you should be fine with around -650
(-1200 with spells). Monks are a versatile tank, they have good enough
hp, plenty of mana, and inclass rescue and trip. Like always, try to
trip if you are just fighting one mob so you don't get the rescue
penalty to ac. If you don't have a basher in the group and you want to
keep a mob in place, try [Tiger Stance](Tiger_Stance "wikilink"); it
lands a hit after every toss or trip, so you'll always be the first
person to hit the mob while on the ground, keeping your groupies safe.
[Bear Stance](Bear_Stance "wikilink") is also very useful; it removes
the hit to ac you get from rescuing. Since monks can still do some
damage in tank gear it's worth trying to get pieces that also have some
+hr/dr. Pieces such as: Mega's Spark, Orkenfyr signet ring, Smoldering
Crown of Dying Fire, Aura of Elemental Strength, all have the same armor
class bonus as the best piece for that slot in a tank set but also offer
some +hr/dr.

**Hitting:** Right now, people are of the opinion that monks shouldn't
be hitting. Their hitting depends on hit roll as well as damage roll, so
check the hit gear list and favor items with +hr as well as +dr. [Emu
Stance](Emu_Stance "wikilink") will probably be a monk's best friend
while hitting, as it raises maximum kick damage by about one damage
verb, however it doesn't increase minimum damage so you will still
occasionally miss or hit poorly.

## Monks at Lord Tier

Monks are very useful at lord. Their counterpush skill is very useful
since lord fights are much longer than hero and a bashed mob gets hit
significantly more. They also do an appreciable amount of damage
(nothing close to a caster though) with counterkick and emu stance.
Also, with good tank gear, monks rarely get hit by normal lord mobs.

In late September of 2014 [Qi](Qi "wikilink") was introduced for Monks
and [Shadowfists](:Category:_Shadowfists "wikilink"). This adds many new
skills and abilities.

## Monk Remort Options

Monks can remort to paladin at lord 100 (200 to keep race) and priest at
lord 150 (300 to keep race).

[Category: Core Classes](Category:_Core_Classes "wikilink")
