i've done testing and there is definitely
a--[3nki](User:3nki.md "wikilink") 18:35, 12 February 2012 (CST)
diference using hit gear. of course you have lower ac and get hit more,
but you definitely hit more often and harder each time. i figured about
two full verbs for a difference from full hit (monk oriented, ie more
towards hr). for a high level shf for example you are better off running
in hit gear i think. but for most mon/shf certainly ac is their
preferred set to be in.

-let me clarify - if you are a high level shf with some hp hit gear it
might be ok because you can vamp more, and not care about getting hit a
little. similar, if you have a big group but are running an area like
alpha thule where you can't vamp, you are like a monk and need healers
or to be sure not to get hit too much. for a monk i can't see an
advantage at hero tier to using hit
gear.--[3nki](User:3nki.md "wikilink") 18:41, 12 February 2012 (CST)

Please make sure you have a nice discussion prior to changing someone's
edit. - Zaf

Monks will gain some from wearing some hr/dr gear (while sacrificing
small amounts of AC). This can amount to about an entire damage verb
(e.g., \*\*\*MUTILATING\*\*\* to \*\*\*DISEMBOWELING\*\*\*). While it
doesn't make them a hitter, there is a measurable difference. - Zaf.
2012-02-12 18:58 EST.

## HR gear

On a related but different note, does hr help monk damage? Has anyone
done any testing on this?

Since HR is close to useless on a war (who get 8 hits) I see no reason
for monks to benefit from HR. Also, logically the number of hits you
have should have no relation to the benefit of HR. HR does not affect
the chance of second, third, fourth attack firing. If anything, as the
number of hits increase, HR should matter less and damage / hit (DR)
should matter more.
