*In the far north, beyond the Northern Frontier, lies a chain of
particularly high mountains. Known to the northerners as the Ice Peaks,
they run from west to east and are so forbidding and treacherous they
have blocked any passage beyond for time immemorial.*

*Some believe that Storm Canyon provides a passage through this range,
while others that the mysterious citadel of Alpha Thule holds the key.
Neither of these theories have ever come to anything.*

*However, a way beyond the Ice Peaks does exist. A narrow pass known as
Glyntaff climbs from the shore of the Lake of Tears, high into the
mountain range and winds its way beyond. Few have ever returned from
Glyntaff Pass, as the gnomish natives are apparently volatile,
unpredictable and extremely xenophobic. The few travellers who have
returned talk of warring clans and savage warriors bearing strange
weapons. Travel is difficult at the best of times, and deadly at
others.*

*The message is clear: Proceed with caution!*

**Important:** *This is a **no-Angel** CR area.*

*Exploration of this area is at the player's own risk and it is strongly
recommended that you check your config to make sure that nomorgue is
OFF. If you die in this area you may have significant trouble getting
your corpse back. Morgue is your friend.*

*On the other hand, you may not have any trouble at all.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Izanagi

This [area](:Category:_Areas "wikilink") was added on 8th of September
2012.

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 19n, 3w, 5n, d, 3n, w,
n, w, 3n, u, 2n, e, 3n, w, n, w, 12n, 5w, 8n, 2w, 2n.

Walking route from [Big Fish](Big_Fish_In_Cold_Water "wikilink"): n,
5w,8n, 2w, 2n.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: Selkie, then locate
entrance to the north, west of [Alpha
Thule](:Category:Alpha_Thule "wikilink") entrance.

## Connections

-   [Lake Of Tears](:Category:_Lake_Of_Tears "wikilink")
    ([map](Lake_Of_Tears_Map "wikilink"))
-   Yet unimplemented area across the Pass.

## Navigation

The Pass through the Ice Peaks is the "main" of the area, a completely
linear path that terminates on the other side of the mountains. However,
it features many hidden entrances to the lands around it, primarily *The
Winding Maze of Trails* - a semi-random set of trails that eventually
leads to the settlement of Caerllong, and *A Confusing Collection of
Switchbacks* - which leads to the settlement of Caercryf.

## Adventuring

With the two settlements of gnomes being in a state of war, a series of
quests are available to adventurers on either side.

In the Clan Gwenci quest, you first retrieve some letters, then kill
Rhain for Wren. Wren gives you "Clan Gwenci Honourary Member", which
appears to be available once at hero and carry a +5% melee insignia
boost which fades after a few deaths. The alternative quest involves
scouting Wren's house for Rhain and (last I looked) gives you an
insignia which makes your death xp losses WORSE.

Otherwise, lot of non-gnomish wandering mobs are skinable.

**Warning**: Aside from the area being no-angel-CR, it cannot be
teleported out of nor recalled to since it is entirely cursed. To exit
one needs to walk out back onto the Lake of Tears. If you lose spells
and are unable to cast (or racial) [Fly](Fly "wikilink"), you may have
difficulties exiting onto the water; prepare accordingly.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
