*[Giants](Giants.md "wikilink") and other large
[races](:Category:_Races.md "wikilink") make excellent bodyguards,
serving all manner of masters. They excel in this career not because of
any altruistic tendencies or protective instinct, but because of their
sheer size and tendency toward blind loyalty. Bodyguards have a
fanatical devotion to their masters, and will often fling themselves
blindly into harm's way without thinking twice.*

*Like all [Prestige Classes](:Category:_Prestige_Classes.md "wikilink"),
they retain the original class's [Prime
Requisite](Prime_Requisite.md "wikilink"), in this case,
[Strength](Strength.md "wikilink"). Bodyguards often become
[Berserkers](:Category:_Berserkers.md "wikilink") after the death of a
particularly beloved master, albeit at a higher level than a normal
[Warrior](:Category:_Warriors.md "wikilink"). They can become
[Paladins](:Category:_Paladins.md "wikilink") earlier than
[warriors](:Category:_Warriors.md "wikilink") can.*

*Requirements:  
*\* level 50 Warrior  
*\* Big  
*\* Unintelligent  
''\* ????

**Abbreviation:** Bod.

**[Base Class](:Category:_Core_Classes.md "wikilink"):**
[Warrior](:Category:_Warriors.md "wikilink").

**[Prime Requisite](Prime_Requisite.md "wikilink"):**
[Strength](Strength.md "wikilink").

## Bodyguards in General

Bodyguards share much in common with their
[Warrior](:Category:_Warriors.md "wikilink") parent class. They still
receive [Fourth Attack](Fourth_Attack.md "wikilink") and double-weapon
skills. While they can learn [Fortitudes](Fortitudes.md "wikilink"),
[Foci](Foci.md "wikilink") and [Awen](Awen.md "wikilink"), spell and
skill selection is quite limited. On the upside, since Bodyguards
typically have low intelligence and racial spellcasting penalties, they
will not miss many of these skills too much.  
Bodyguards receive in-class skills that allow them special bonuses in
and before combat. With [Alertness](Alertness.md "wikilink") active,
they can use the [Watchful Eye](Watchful_Eye.md "wikilink") skill to
change [Monitor](Monitor.md "wikilink") targets during combat, allowing
them to rescue small group members more easily. At hero level 101,
Bodyguards can learn [Intercede](Intercede.md "wikilink"), a skill which
is activated when the Bodyguard's monitor target is
[aggied](Aggressive.md "wikilink"). Instead of attacking the Bodyguard's
target, the Bodyguard steps in and [tanks](Tank.md "wikilink") the mob
themselves. The skill works automatically, as long as alertness is
activated and the Bodyguard is not in the midst of combat. At hero level
250, Bodyguards receive [Payback](Payback.md "wikilink"), which allows
them to gain a damage bonus after interceding.

Overall, Bodyguards are an excellent alternative for large,
Warrior-oriented races on whom the large majority of spells that hero
Warriors receive are wasted on. In addition, the ability to
automatically protect smaller group members allows them to effectively
use their [Hp](Hit_Points.md "wikilink") to benefit the group when they
run as [hitters](Hitter.md "wikilink") and [tanks](Tank.md "wikilink").

## Bodyguard Creation

The Bodyguard class requires warriors of large to extra large size and
of low intelligence (15) to join the ranks. Upon level 50, a player
meeting this criteria should seek out Gruuntak (portable), protector of
the Dwarven Ambassador, and see his aid in becoming a bodyguard.

There is a small loophole of sorts whereby you can meet the intelligence
requirements by simply not training your intelligence past (15). Any
relatively intelligent brute race that meets the size requirements and
wishes to prestige to bodyguard should be very careful about how much
intelligence they train (tip: alias train to emote or say something once
you're finished training your other stats).

Intelligence is not the only requirement. Character needs to learn armor
optimization, otherwise a message saying (though it does not check
rescue and vitality): Gruuntak exclaims 'You lack skills! Must know
rescue! Must know armor like your own smell! Must be vigorous!' appears.

## Bodyguards at Hero Tier

### Training

Though [Strength](Strength.md "wikilink") is the prime attribute for
Bodyguards, Bodyguards are advised like all classes to train
[Wisdom](Wisdom.md "wikilink") and
[Constitution](Constitution.md "wikilink") first, which will maximize
both [practices](Practice.md "wikilink") and
[hp](Hit_Points.md "wikilink"). While strength will improve a
Bodyguard's hitting and carrying capacity, typically low wisdom may push
off training strength to max until after hero level 101.

Tanking Bodyguards may wish to maximize their dexterity to maximize the
effect of skills such as [dodge](dodge.md "wikilink") and
[parry](parry.md "wikilink").

### Practicing

With their limited selection of skills and spells, practicing is
typically easy for bodyguards, hindered only by their low intelligence.
Hero bodyguards will want to take note that they will need to save up
many additional practices for [Sanctuary](Sanctuary.md "wikilink") and
its prerequisites, which they can learn at sub-level 45. Since
Bodyguards usually worship gods that increase the number of practices
they need to adept, they can leave many spells at 94%, since failure
rates on most Bodyguard races is very high.

Hero bodyguards can also learn [Iron Monk](Iron_Monk "wikilink") which
has fewer prerequisites, but you will need to get sanctuary at some
point anyway. Also, remember everyone loves a warrior who brandishes.

### Devoting

### Fighting

**Soloing:**

**Tanking:**

**Hitting:**

## Bodyguards at Lord Tier

Bodyguards have pretty much the same function as warriors at lord. A
couple differences:

-   They only receive 1x mana multiplier, so they need to get a bit of
    mana gear to help out with planeshift.
-   They don't receive [Gemcrafting](Gemcrafting "wikilink") at lord
    800, so they can't embed without chance of failing.
-   They don't get any area spells, so gear rooms are a bit more
    problematic.

## Bodyguard Remort Options

[Category: Prestige Classes](Category:_Prestige_Classes "wikilink")
