*The formation of Gorn's Anchor is a tiny volcanic island not far off
the main continent. It is supposedly the smallest inhabited island in
the local archipelago. When the first fishing peoples arrived at the
island, they named it for both the local
[monk](:Category:_Monks.md "wikilink") clan (whose temple apparently
predates all nearby island colonies) and for the everpresent plume of
smoke from the island's volcano: visible even beyond the horizon, it
seems to tether the island to the heavens. Coincidentally, Gorn's Anchor
is also situated at a near perfect location from which to regulate trade
between the surrounding islands. Surprisingly, [Lord
Audis](Lord_Audis.md "wikilink") has not yet established any official
presence there. [Captain Dieme](Captain_Dieme.md "wikilink"), under the
command of [Lord Audis](Lord_Audis.md "wikilink"), is engaged in a
conflict with the local [monk](:Category:_Monks.md "wikilink") clan over
whether or not to set up a trading post. Both sides are stubborn, and
the conflict may soon turn into a full blown invasion of Gorn's Anchor.*

**Level Range:** 42-46

**Builder:** [Neyne](User:Neyne.md "wikilink")

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 39s, 3w, n (note:
crosses [water terrain](Water_Terrain.md "wikilink")).

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Captain
Dieme](Captain_Dieme.md "wikilink"), [Khurses The
Barkeep](Khurses_The_Barkeep "wikilink"), [Bram The Wandering
Trader](Bram_The_Wandering_Trader "wikilink").

Alternatively, portal to [Cindare](Cindare "wikilink") (aggressive) for
easier access to the volcano or Temple of Gorn.

## Connections

-   [Sea of Strayed
    Hopes](:Category:_Sea_Of_Strayed_Hopes.md "wikilink")
-   [The Airways](:Category:_Airways.md "wikilink")

## Navigation

Gorn's Anchor consists of four main sections: the town square, the dock,
the Temple of Gorn, and the volcano (which extends beneath the island).
The area's entrance is at the south end of the town square, which has a
wandering trader and shops at its four corners. To the north a circle of
houses gently curves around a small park. The dock, where the Hammer and
its crew rest, lies to the east. Opposite the dock on the west side of
the square sits the imposing Temple of Gorn. The volcano, whose pitch
black plume of smoke is as immutable as the island itself, is accessible
through a mountain path that connects to the Temple.

## Adventuring

The town square is populated mostly by low level peasants. Bram the
trader wanders this section, and shops are in the square's four corners.
The [mayor](Mayor_Of_Gorn's_Anchor.md "wikilink") lives on an adjoining
row of houses to the north.

The dock is populated by dockworkers, soldiers, and mercenaries, which
are the most accessible experience mobs in the area. [Captain
Dieme](Captain_Dieme "wikilink"), who takes part in a minor quest and
carries a desirable saber, can be found in a warehouse here. The Hammer
is also docked nearby.

As a seasoned adventurer would expect, the Temple of Gorn is both
[cursed](Cursed_Rooms.md "wikilink") and
[anti-magic](Anti-Magic_Rooms.md "wikilink"), and the monks inside don't
take kindly to outsiders. [Namure](Namure "wikilink") the Hand of Gorn,
who is a trainer and takes part in two quests, lives on the upper level.

Inside the winding tunnels of the volcano lives a species of insectoid
hunters, but little else is known about them or their purpose. Be wary
when confronting them, however, for the hardiest of them have been known
to breathe acid, and their masters are highly psionic.

[Category: Lowmort 41-50
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_41-50_Areas "wikilink")
