*Realizing that even a peaceful deity will at times require a martial
defense, Tul Sith's Priests developed their Order of Paladins. While the
close involvement of hero priests focused the training on the goodness
of Tul-Sith's healing and peacefulness, the actual combat training was
inspired by the rigor and honor of Werredan's followers. These origins
influence the early training stages of Paladins - and the principles of
Paladinhood - to this day.*

*It did not take long though for the other priesthoods to recognize the
strong bond these meditations and physical training developed between
Paladin and deity and the power such a bond unleashed*

*The first to join the Paladin training were the followers of Werredan,
who had actually been involved in the more combat oriented aspects of
the tutelage of the Paladins of Tul-Sith. This was only slightly
controversial however, and later when followers of Bhyss and Gorn
requested to be allowed to train alongside the others, the voices
demanding restriction grew more numerous and insistent.*

*Forced into a decision, the priests of Tul-Sith opted for the opening
of the school. Some believe this was done out of fear of the supporters
of other Deities, while others attribute it fully to the graciousness of
Tul-Sith. Another theory rumors that the priests of Tul-Sith believed
the training, with its focus on peacefulness, protection and healing
would result in spreading the love and gentleness of Tul-Sith, and - on
a more practical level - that it would limit the danger of other paladin
orders being developed that have very different and more powerful
knowledge.*

*In the end though, for whichever reason, the training of Paladins was
opened to worshippers of all Deities, resulting in a widening of the
skills sought for and granted.*

*Paladins are a class only available through re-mortality by
[Warriors](:Category:_Warriors "wikilink"),
[Bodyguards](:Category:_Bodyguards "wikilink"),
[Monks](:Category:_Monks "wikilink") and
[Clerics](:Category:_Clerics "wikilink").*

**Abbreviation:** Pal.

**[Prime Requisite](Prime_Requisite "wikilink"):**
[Strength](Strength "wikilink").

## Paladins in General

Paladins are a versatile class. They can serve as either tanks or
hitters, and can even function effectively as healers, using their mana
or their boons for healing. They get moderate hp and mana. Choice of
worship and use of oaths is very important.

Paladins can get special weapons made from
[Aleryia](Aleryia "wikilink"). Some of the mobs in the area around her
will give you quests (unlocked at certain levels) which allows you to
add enhancements to your weapon. The most important enhancement is
Severity, which increases chance of critical hits.

## Paladin Creation

Paladins are a remort-only class, and can be accessed via monks (Lord
100), bodyguards (Lord 100), clerics (Lord 150), and warriors (Lord
150).

## Paladins at Lowmort Tier

From level 1 to 51, paladins can easily be summed up as warriors with
the ability to cast cure light, only not as strong in the hitting
department.

### Training

Paladins make use of every single statistic so it is important to
maximize both constitution and intelligence as soon as possible. Unlike
warriors, paladins make good (better) use of having mana as well as
hitpoints.

### Practicing

The main paladin trainer is [Ganastrikos](Ganastrikos "wikilink"), in
the [Hall of Paladins](Hall_of_Paladins "wikilink"), located at the
northwest corner of [Midgaard](Midgaard "wikilink").

It is a good rule of thumb as a paladin to mainly focus on melee skills
and abilities while leveling up from 1 to 51. When it comes to healing
spells, cure light will be the most efficient and beneficial one to
learn due to the low mana cost of this spell combined with having a
smaller mana pool. Once you've reached hero status cure light and heal
will be of the most use.

At level 25, get access to Oath, which permits them an extra attack
(with Oath of Destruction).

At level 35, Paladins can report to [Aleryia](Aleryia "wikilink"), the
elven smith (also in the Hall of Paladins), to obtain their [paladin
greatsword](Paladin_Weapon "wikilink"). At this level, they can add the
enhancements Attack (+2/+2) or Defence (-20AC) to their weapon. A new
weapon, to replace their current weapon, can be crafted, with different
enhancements, at any time.

### Worshipping

There are reasonably 4 gods a paladin can choose from: Quixoltan, Kra,
Tul-Sith and Werredan. Don't forget to worship Gorn for practicing at
levels 10 thru 19!

Quixoltan offers the best mixture of combat and overall statistics.

Kra is similar to Quixoltan, but does not offer the best possible
statistics. Worship Kra for a mixture of combat and casting/healing.

Tul-Sith is generally the god paladin's worship for the lord tier for 2
reasons: 1 is, you must worship Tul-Sith to learn new lord skills such
as Aegis, and 2 is, most paladins aim to maximize their healing powers
for their boon(s) which can be a rather helpful boost for most lord
groups.

Werredan is not entirely suggested for paladins, but for those that
enjoy more experience and the best melee combat possible, Werredan can
speed up your trek between mortal and lord, and can be viable if you
plan to remort to another race. Do not go Werredan if you wish to have
mana.

### Fighting

**Soloing:** Soloing is pretty easy at lowmort.

**Tanking:** Able to tank in hit gear.

**Hitting:** Strong enough to get you through.

**Healing:** Focus on cure light and using bots.

## Paladin Prestige Options

None.

## Paladins at Hero Tier

Paladins usually serve as hitters at hero. They hit extremely well now.
They can also serve as rescuers in groups using their [
heroic](Heroic_Boon "wikilink") and [ joined](Joined_Boon "wikilink")
[boons](:Category:Paladin_Boons "wikilink") to good effect.

### Training

Standard - maximize each stat as soon as possible.

### Practicing

From 1 to 99, focus on learning Identify, Arcane Knowledge, Smash,
Acumen, Teleport, Frenzy, Water Breathing, Sanctuary, Portal, Armor
Optimization, Riposte, Nexus, and Divinity. These will provide you the
spot buffs and skills that will make leveling up easier in both solo or
group scenarios.

From 101 to 500, all of these abilities are useful and are more or less
suggested to practice.

See Paladin Skills and Spells for Class Definers, [Paladin
Weapon](Paladin_Weapon "wikilink"), [Oath](Oath "wikilink"),
[Prayer](Prayer "wikilink"), [Fervor](Fervor "wikilink"),
[Exorcism](Exorcism "wikilink")

### Worshipping

Due to the revamp, Worship has changed for Paladins. Worship is highly
complex and affects a great deal more than is typical for most classes.
Information is not publicly available as to the consequences of worship
on oath, prayer, etc; if you are new to the class, consult with a senior
Paladin for details on what choices will suit your playstyle.

The most common gods to worship are [Werredan](Werredan "wikilink"),
[Quixoltan](Quixoltan "wikilink") and [Kra](Kra "wikilink").

If you want to maximize your melee and don't care much about mana,
Werredan is best. It is the most common choice if you plan to remort.

Quixoltan is a bit less hitting but gives good hp and mana.

Kra is similar to Quixoltan. It doesn't improve stats as much as
Quixoltan but allows one to hit a bit better. It also helps with
healing.

### Fighting

**Soloing:** Paladins hit extremely well now and soloing is a very
viable option. One suggestion is to use full hr/dr, using
[severity/severity on your Greatsword](Paladin_Weapon "wikilink"),
taking an [Oath of War](Oath "wikilink"), buffing yourself with [Holy
Zeal](Holy_Zeal "wikilink"), [Prayer: Precision](Prayer "wikilink"), and
[Fervor](Fervor "wikilink"), and sticking to small areas such as
[Displacer Beast](Displacer_Beast "wikilink") or
[Ajuu](Ajuu "wikilink").

**Tanking:** Paladins have lost certain skills including but not limited
to Shield Block. The paladin prayer boons provide options to mitigate
this: anticipation and deflection. If used in conjunction with 'Defence'
on the Greatsword, tanking in AC is quite effective.

**Hitting:** Much like soloing, a Paladin who upkeeps their buffs will
have no trouble hitting like a truck.

**Healing:** For the majority of Hero, a paladin will use his/her boons
to heal themselves or their groupmates. By making use of certain oaths,
a paladin can also be healed more efficiently. Oaths may also be used to
increase the healing efficacy towards others. At Hero 250, a paladin can
begin to rescue heal by using oath evolution and casting joined boon
(this can be combined with prayer soothe and applying redemption to your
greatsword) which will heal the party everytime the paladin rescues an
injured target.

## Paladins at Lord Tier

Paladins at lord tier usually serve as backup tanks. They usually use an
oath of peace or evolution, cast shared boon, and rescue the tank when
the mob is almost dead. This will either heal the tank or heal all the
groupmates. They don't tank as well as monks or warriors because they
have lower hp and lose out on a few tanking skills.

Their mana can also be used in a pinch for healing or casting offensive
spells.

The most utility comes from **oath of evolution**, not just because of
the area heal boon, but because of
[assimilation](assimilation "wikilink"). Firstly, if you have the mana
for it, spamming assimilated [brimstone](brimstone "wikilink") is just
as much damage as running in hitgear, and more consistent.

More importantly, any assimilated spell can apply *stun*, which is
hugely useful. Stun will prevent mobs from fleeing or using combat
abilities, healing in particular. Neyne recommends running with one
[shock weapon mod](Paladin_Weapon "wikilink") at all times, regardless
of whatever else you're speccing your paladin to do. Being able to
target a walkin healer mob and hope for a stun can prevent it from
turning the tide of a battle against you. Boost its consistency midrun
with the **stupefy prayer**.

When tanking, the [defence weapon mod](Paladin_Weapon "wikilink") gets a
big upgrade at lord, but race specific protections like *silver*,
*essence*, and *judgement* will be better against giths, elementals, and
demons, respectively. **Prayer of deflection** does help noticeably;
Neyne recommends it when backup tanking the occasional combat round in
hitgear.

[Category:Remort Classes](Category:Remort_Classes "wikilink")
