*Fed up from years of slavery and abuse, the halflings from the southern
halfling village have decided that it's time to take a stand and fight
back! Rumor has it that one of the halfling villages is preparing a
devious sneak attack on the half-orcs somewhere underground, but there
is seemingly no evidence to support this for the time being...*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Jakkbam

## Directions

Walking route from [Eragora default
recall](Eragora_default_recall "wikilink"): See the route to [Sun God
Altar](:Category:Sun_God_Altar "wikilink"). From here either run the
entire Altar area to its conclusion, or enter 1e from [halfling
salad-worker](Halfling_Salad-Worker "wikilink") to [Halfling's
Paradise](:Category:Halfling's_Paradise "wikilink") and run that entire
area to its conclusion.

Either way, no trivial walking routes exist.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: The only in-area
portal point is [disguised halfling](Disguised_Halfling "wikilink"). An
alternative is to portal to [Mezzo](Mezzo "wikilink") (aggressive if
havent done halfling detective), and then go east and north (aggie at
every room if havent done halfling detective).

## Connections

Known connections:

-   [Halfling's Paradise](:Category:Halfling's_Paradise "wikilink")
-   [Quarries and Mines](:Category:Quarries_and_Mines "wikilink")
-   [Sun God Altar](:Category:Sun_God_Altar "wikilink")

## Exploration

Jakkbam requested that their area not be mapped out on the wiki (May
27th, 2011) for the time being.

## Adventuring

Difficulty is much higher than the [Halfling's
Paradise](:Category:Halfling's_Paradise "wikilink").

Area features an incredible amount of very-hard hitting, swarmy aggie
weapon-wielding mobs that all see through hidden and invisible.
Additional mobs can spawn after kills as well. This makes the area not
really soloable. Use a large brutish group and grind the area for the xp
and some minor loot. Watch out for the summoning mobs since they might
overwhelm you out of thin air, as some mobs spawn replacements when
killed.

Area will auto-CR the players which makes it great for solo explorers
that die (quickly) but will pose problems to an xp group due to
inability of gurney-ing.

## Comments

A random comment: "I was unable to map this with a lvl 500 liz mage. As
a matter of fact, I was unable to enter 3 rooms in with a lvl 500 liz
mage, and only managed to "pass" through the area with a lord level
caster and expeditious amounts of speedwalking."

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Eragora](Category:_Eragora "wikilink")
