*Sailors whisper of a tempest unlike any other, always centred upon a
remote islet, deserted and storm-lashed for decades. Some attribute the
howling winds and sleet to an ancient curse, laid decades ago in spite
by an evil power. Regardless of its origin, the tempest of tainted isle
has wrecked many a ship and made widows of sailors throughout living
memory. An intrepid adventurer could lay the bane to rest, perhaps...
Yet such a one must be both brave - and very lucky.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Wiseman

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 40s, w (note: crosses
[water terrain](Water_Terrain "wikilink")).

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[surf](Raging_Surf "wikilink").

## Connections

[Sea of Strayed Hopes](:Category:_Sea_Of_Strayed_Hopes "wikilink")

## Navigation

Tainted Isle consists of four areas; the cove, the jungle plateau, the
windswept plateau and the tunnel. Following the walking directions from
Aelmon will bring you into the southern end of the cove. Once on the
beach to the north-west, a narrow trail (private) leads up to the
south-westernmost room of the jungle plateau.

In the north-westernmost room of the jungle a second narrow trail
(private) leads up to the windswept plateau. Before ascending, a tired
adventurer might pause a moment to rest between some sheltering boulders
to the south.

The windsept plateau is entered at the far west. Following it east and
south will lead you to the eye of the storm, which never moves from the
plateau. Here one can descend into the tunnel that leads into the heart
of the isle which is cursed and has a few aggressive mobs that detect
invis.

## Adventuring

## Affects

As of October 2011, the area features a small increase in experience
gains, a moderate increase in hp regeneration, and no loss of self on
death.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Incomplete](Category:_Incomplete "wikilink")
