*During the second great war between the [Ents](Ents "wikilink") and the
[Giants](Giants "wikilink"), the [demon](Demons "wikilink") god Glasya
discovered a location of great tactical advantage. A large drop in the
landscape had developed over time in the east, in the land that today is
[Midgaard Country](:Category:_Midgaard_Country "wikilink"). At the
bottom of this decline was a small trench, surrounded by rocky slopes
that were practically impassable by the [Ents](Ents "wikilink")
themselves. Once occupied, the trench proved unapproachable for the
[elves](Elves "wikilink") as well, who ended up getting picked off by
the [giants](Giants "wikilink") as they attempted to descend the slopes.
Glasya had built a sturdy iron bunker at the bottom of this low-lying
portion of the landscape, and from within he performed a plethora of
vile and corrupt acts against the [Ents](Ents "wikilink"). It is said
that he used a scrying pool and a summoning platform to cause the
[Ents](Ents "wikilink") great distress in their own forests. The
[Ents](Ents "wikilink"), however, could not withstand Glasya's
perversions for very much longer. Their only course of action was to
find a way to bury the trench and stop Glasya's assault from within.
Every attempt to collapse the trench was met with Glasya's plantlife
perversions crawling up the slopes and solidifying the walls. The
[Ents](Ents "wikilink") were at an impass, but not for long. A wise
[Ent](Ents "wikilink") had been studying the areas to the north, where
great mountains rose into the skies. Within this mountain range was a
frigid lake of mountain water. Behind Glasya's back, the
[Ents](Ents "wikilink") molded the land to create a waterfall, and
slowly sunk the ground on a path towards the trench. Without warning,
the waters of the lake rushed down from the mountains and engulfed the
trench, several [giants](Giants "wikilink"), and the bunker itself. To
the [Ents](Ents "wikilink") dismay, the [demon](Demons "wikilink") god
was not present, but the bunker was magically sealed and buried under a
flood of frigid water. All inside were lost.*

**Level Range:** 25-30

**Builder:** Copycat

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 13e, n.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Ngataki](Ngataki "wikilink").

## Connections

## Navigation

## Adventuring

[Category: Lowmort 21-30
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_21-30_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Incomplete](Category:_Incomplete "wikilink")
