*On the island of Eragora is a section of quarries and mines in which
halflings slave their days away under the supervision of the superior
race, the half-orcs. The mines are expansive and can likely be found
through several ways, and the mines are up against the mountains to the
east.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Moiraine

## Directions

Walking route from [Eragora default
recall](Eragora_default_recall "wikilink"):

Twin walking routes exist - one is to walk to [Sun God
Altar](:Category:Sun_God_Altar.md "wikilink"), move 1e to [Halfling's
Paradise](:Category:Halfling's_Paradise.md "wikilink"), and then go e,
n, w, 5n towards the first entrance, or alternatively, run the length of
the Paradise's underground layer towards the lower entrance.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: none (all cursed).

Closest (discovered) is [clam girl](Clam-digger.md "wikilink") in the
Paradise, from her go n, w, 5n towards the Quarries.

## Connections

-   [Halfling's Paradise](:Category:Halfling's_Paradise.md "wikilink"),
-   [Mountain Tunnels](:Category:Mountain_Tunnels.md "wikilink")
    (one-way).

## Navigation

Area consists of two major parts - the quarries to the east and the
mines to the west/north. Quarries are a large semi-circlish area in two
layers, the lower layer being the quarries internal principal connector,
under which the local cloud can be found.

The mines are two semi-linear passages, one towards the [Halfling's
Paradise](:Category:Halfling's_Paradise.md "wikilink")'s lower area, and
the other towards the [Mountain
Tunnels](:Category:Mountain_Tunnels.md "wikilink"). You can't return
from the Mountain Tunnels, but it shouldn't matter if you entered
through this connection.

Entire area is cursed so no recalling or teleportation is possible.

## Adventuring

The area is loaded with tons of hard hitting, swarmy, aggie mobs, and
some even gas. All see hidden and invisible, but not all are necessarily
aggie (just a vast majority).

Thus, the area is not really soloable.

Both parts of the area (the Quarries and the Mines) can be ran with a
good sized group for xp, but perhaps the best way to run it (due to high
agginess) is in a group of very large brutes. Trouble is the gassy part
which will make smaller groupies choke and die very soon.

The only parts of the area that allow some rest and regenning are the
local cloud (have to die to get in), which is **not** anti-magic and is
**safe** (but not infirmary), and the introductory rooms north of the
Checkpoint entrance (though a wandering aggie mob may ... wander to here
as well).

The area will do your CR for you, which helps greatly since the quarries
(around the local cloud) seem to be the best part to get xp here.

As for gear, there is none noticeable save for the archer wristpiece on
the [High Overseer](High_Overseer "wikilink"), which may as well be the
primary reason for running this area. He can be found at the far
south-eastern corner of the Quarries, level 1.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category:
Eragora](Category:_Eragora "wikilink")
