*Though pirates have always operated as long as the ship has been
around, there has recently been a heavy increase in both the frequency
and magnitude of piracy being committed in the area. [Lord
Audis](Lord_Audis "wikilink") and his advisors believe the cause to be
found somewhere near an island known to be controlled by a famous pirate
named [Lord Redtooth](Lord_Redtooth "wikilink"). The reward will be
great for any who are able to put a stop to the atrocities being
committed by the pirates.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Imij

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 35s, 7e (note: crosses
[water terrain](Water_Terrain "wikilink")).

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [little
crab](Little_Crab "wikilink").

## Connections

[ Sea Of Strayed Hopes](:Category:_Sea_Of_Strayed_Hopes "wikilink")

## Navigation

The top part is uncursed. There's a down exit 3n from little crab, which
connects to the bottom part. It has various different areas, a
warehouse, barracks, kitchen etc. To access them keep going east as you
clear out the various areas. The lowest level has an up exit which leads
to [Lord Redtooth](Lord_Redtooth "wikilink") and a one-way down exit to
[Slithk](Slithk "wikilink").

## Adventuring

This area is similar to [ Frozen
Wastes](:Category:_Frozen_Wastes "wikilink") in the level of the mobs,
but is bigger and contains more mobs.

The top part is a jungle with various creatures. This is a good place
for tanking with a smallish group because it is uncursed. The female
gorillas are non-aggie, the male ones and the silverback one (sentinel)
are aggie. There are also many other creatures, mostly aggie: tigers,
panthers, toucans, spiders, tortoises, triffids, mists and a few
pirates. The spiders can poison, the pirates and the mists wield.

Going down 3n from little crab leads to a cursed area with lots of
pirates and a few prisoners. The first room down is full safe. Most of
the pirates are aggie and many of them wield. The prisoners are
non-aggie and give low xp. Notable mobs are:

-   [Captain Murdock](Captain_Murdock "wikilink") - sanced and casts
    spells
-   [Lord Redtooth](Lord_Redtooth "wikilink")
-   [Slithk](Slithk "wikilink") - not done with normal groups; mostly
    killed for gear.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
