*High above the clouds, just underneath the jagged plateau of Devil's
Peak, a mausoleum stretches deep into the mountain's cavernous heart.
Unlike the well-secluded and obfuscated mausoleums of kings and wizards,
this particular burial site is lavished in wealth and open for all to
admire - for it is the final resting place of the most glorious of
creatures, the majestic Dragons of Midgaardia.*

*While reverent awe and dutiful veneration are encouraged within these
hallowed halls, tampering with the individual crypts and tombs is
punishable by a variety of mutilating consequences.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** I, Tyrant

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 19n, 3e, 5n, u, e, u, w,
n, u, n, u, 6n, w, u, n, u, e, u, n, w, u, n, u, s, 3u, n.

Walking route from [Tysiln San](Tysiln_San "wikilink"): 2s, u, n, u, s,
3u, n.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Svlad](Svlad_The_Very_Burly "wikilink").

## Connections

-   [Summoning](:Category:Summoning "wikilink")
    ([map](Summoning_Map "wikilink"))
-   [Tssasskkas's Lair](:Category:Tssasskkas's_Lair "wikilink")
    ([map](Tssasskkas's_Lair_Map "wikilink"))

## Navigation

## Adventuring

[Dogoradultimion](Dogoradultimion "wikilink") detonates (lvl 83 gol
psi), on scan: (Demonic) (Black Aura) A silver king sits on the golden
sarcophagus throne, staring at you.
[Mosca](Animated_Corpse_Of_Mosca "wikilink") can stab for 3-4k hp.

There are a couple interesting pseudo-[shop](shop "wikilink") keeper
mobs here ([Bergozr](Bergozr "wikilink")) that will sell you unusual
things â€“ but not for gold. It appears they don't trade with lords.
Notably, [Romostaros](Romostaros_The_Sane "wikilink") will trade a
perfect gem for a crystal skull key (unlocks the door to Millament that
everyone normally bashes or bypasses with recall); also, at least every
time I tried, he gives the gem back. Giving him a fizora results in your
death, and he keeps the gem.

Some of the locked doors in this area are bashable, some appear not to
be.

If you're the right alignment, and (not sure if it matters) Tryystania
is dead, and if you give Millament a bloodstained wedding ring, she'll
accept your proposal. This leads to a fun little mini-quest which has at
least one outcome where after killing a few mobs you can get a "Kissed
by a necromancer" insignia, which seems to last throughout hero and is
worth (if I remember right) a slight protection against cursed damage.
There is another door, that has no key; but activates by interaction
with a switch and leads to aggressive mobs (similar to the door to the
[Behir Spear Captain](Behir_Spear_Captain "wikilink")).

## Comments

Area introduced in March 2014 as a replacement for the grandfathered
[Dragon Crypt](:Category:Dragon_Crypt "wikilink"). Many of the original
Crypt's mobs and majority of the gear has been transferred.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink") [Category: Areas
by ITyrant](Category:_Areas_by_ITyrant "wikilink") [Category:
Incomplete](Category:_Incomplete "wikilink")
