*Finding that travelling the surface roads was in fact taking longer
than it had to, the [dwarves](Dwarves.md "wikilink") of [Mt
Durr](:Category:_Mt_Durr.md "wikilink") set out to dig out a straigher
route beneath the surface to the [Dwarven
Daycare](:Category:_Dwarven_Day_Care.md "wikilink") near the
[meadow](:Category:_Meadow.md "wikilink"). Several other towns that are
along the way have taken advantage of these tunnels, and they have
become a safe trade route as well as a shorter journey.*

**Level Range:** 6-12

**Builder:** Copycat

## Directions

Walking route from [Nom](Nom.md "wikilink"): s, 7e, 2s, e, 4n, w.

Walking route from [Sol](Sol.md "wikilink"): 11e, 2s, 7e, 2s, e, 4n, w.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [caravan
guard](Caravan_Guard.md "wikilink").

## Connections

The Underway Tunnels is another connector area used mainly as a shortcut
between the five areas it joins: the [Dwarven Day
Care](:Category:_Dwarven_Day_Care.md "wikilink"),
[Wayside](:Category:_Wayside.md "wikilink"), the [Village of
Gnimh](:Category:_Village_Of_Gnimh.md "wikilink"),
[Deephome](:Category:_Deephome.md "wikilink"),
[Deepways](:Category:_Deepways.md "wikilink"), and [Mt.
Durr](:Category:_Mt_Durr.md "wikilink").

## Navigation

This area is a very simple connecting area. Quite simply, it is
comprised of four tunnels which lead from one area to another. The
northern most tunnel leads to [Mt.
Durr](:Category:_Mt_Durr.md "wikilink"), the western leads to the
[Village of Gnimh](:Category:_Village_Of_Gnimh.md "wikilink"), while the
eastern leads to [Deephome](:Category:_Deephome.md "wikilink"). The
southern route itself splits. The south-west tunnels leads to
[Wayside](:Category:_Wayside.md "wikilink") and the south-east connects
to [Dwarven Day Care](:Category:_Dwarven_Day_Care.md "wikilink").

Most people who are seeking this area will probably enter from the
[Dwarven Daycare](:Category:_Dwarven_Day_Care.md "wikilink") tunnel,
though it is also possible that characters may stumble in from
[Wayside](:Category:_Wayside.md "wikilink") or [Village of
Gnimh](:Category:_Village_Of_Gnimh.md "wikilink"). The [Mt.
Durr](:Category:_Mt_Durr.md "wikilink") entrance is well hidden and
people are unlikely to stumble across it by accident. In fact, the only
real reason most people will enter this area on purpose is to get to
[Deephome](:Category:_Deephome.md "wikilink") as all of the other areas
are just as easily, if not more easily accessed via the surface.

## Adventuring

There are a number of merchants of different races, and a dwarven mother
near the day care dropoff who should be easy pickings for a lv. 6-8
char. However, stay away from the guards - they have a ton of hp, and
can beat you up bad with their wields.

There really isn't any gear worth mentioning, and only a half-dozen or
so mobs that can safely be killed. It's worth taking a few seconds if
you're wandering between areas to kill some mobs, but don't come here
looking for xp.

[Category: Lowmort 1-10 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_1-10_Areas "wikilink")
[Category:Lowmort 11-20 Areas](Category:Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink")
