## Survival Guide

I don't think the survival guide needs to be removed, nor this page for
that matter, though I daresay the content will get shuffled around as
more is added.

The survival guide captures some of the spirit of the moment. Delving
into the unknown. There's no harm in keeping it around.

[Pytheas](User:Pytheas.md "wikilink") 07:42, 24 May 2011 (CDT)

  
I didn't want to get all presumptuous and start shoveling fan-made
material into semi-official content. So we can keep the Guide as a
fussnote somewhere, yes, but not as the main feature.

As for the page itself, unfortunately it's not a Category:Eragora page.
We need a category and then dump all the pages that follow inside (area
pages), as they are thematically linked. I'll deal with this issue later
today and try to group existing and nonexisting Eragora content into a
single Eragora Category.

[WinterRose](User:WinterRose.md "wikilink") 08:00, 24 May 2011 (CDT)

<!-- -->

  
  
Isn't most of Eragora "fan-made material" anyway? \*duck\*
--[Neyne](User:Neyne.md "wikilink") 08:31, 24 May 2011 (CDT)

<!-- -->

  
  
You're quite right, of course. We should promote fan-made materials and
activity. Ok, placing the guide at the appropriate location. :)
[WinterRose](User:WinterRose.md "wikilink") 09:05, 24 May 2011 (CDT)

## Difficulty

Removed the tiny font from the difficulty asterisk. It is exasperatingly
misleading to have something so easy to overlook. I visited several
'murderous' areas and steamrolled them all, only to revisit this page
and see that... our difficulty scale was measured by a lone wizard.
lol? - Cleanse

  
There is nothing particularly funny nor noteworthy about basing the
difficulty on the *ability of a solo caster to do quests or get stuff*.
Most of the visitors to Eragora were explorers and farmers after all
(mag/wzd/fus/bci soloers) and xp groups were formed much more rarely. --
[WinterRose](User:WinterRose.md "wikilink") 22:32, 29 December 2011
(EST)

Quite a few of the difficulty ratings are probably based on perceptions
of areas in an earlier form, before various deadly bugs were fixed and
areas were toned down in places. I'm sure they could do with some
updating. --[Mekrith](User:Mekrith.md "wikilink") 18:24, 29 December
2011 (EST)

  
Yes, I see the common misconception is that difficulty is same as
danger. In fact people on chat made fun of it, which is sad since noone
reads what is actually written. With the auto-CR feature there is little
actual danger to most areas, but the difficulty for a solo caster to do
stuff still remains high in places. Take for example the summoning of
the great manta ray in Outpost, or killing the mega-shark - while
trivial with any proper group (especially one featuring casters and
healers), it's nigh impossible to do with a solo character due to
technical limitations of how much a single alt can do! Nothing to do
with danger at all. But yes, I agree this separation should be made much
more obvious and I'll attempt to make it more clear on the update
tomorrow. -- [WinterRose](User:WinterRose.md "wikilink") 22:32, 29
December 2011 (EST)
