*The World of Stone is the Elemental Plane of Earth. To a Midgaardian,
the best way to describe it would be like moving through a solid block
of stone. Rumor has it that extra-planar Elementals have a nasty habit
of viewing Midgaardians as an impurity that must be destroyed.*

**Builder:** Crowe

## Directions

Planeshift to earth/stone.

## Connections

## Navigation

Most of the rooms will have no obvious exits, so scan is not useful.
Most of them have hidden exits in most directions.

The nexus to an Endless Void is 4wn from shift.

## Adventuring

### Golem Quest

[Orie Stonesinger](Orie_Stonesinger "wikilink"), a gnome, is in a room
entitled "The golem laboratory". This is related to the golem quest -
which the gargoyles need to complete to be able to remort into a golem.

Going 2s, 2w, u from shift ends in a no-spell, no-hog room with 5
[Obsidian Lords](Obsidian_Lord "wikilink") and a [Huge Earth
Elemental](Huge_Earth_Elemental "wikilink"). If you have one or two
arc/fus scattering, the room is much easier. Otherwise, the group needs
to have (at least) 8-9 brutes in a long chain, and the fight will take
substantial time.

Once cleared, there will be a local message (possibly after a short
delay, don't panic) about a small space that opened up to the north
large enough for 1 person. The gargoyle here needs to go north (another
no-hog room), and subsequently kill Orie. The rest of the group is free
to go back down, out of the no-spell room, and homeshift at will.
Lingering too long is dangerous as the room will repop eventually (often
very soon, if the fight took long, as it usually does). This is not a
reboot-only quest.

Once Orie is dead, remorting into a golem will be allowed. Failing to
kill Orie simply means the quest needs to be re-attempted, there are no
permanent penalties.

Orie's room appears to prevent planeshift and homeshift, but you can
leave by teleporting out (c tele stone giant, c homeshift).

### Lord 1 fdk quest

If you are a lord firedrake trying to do your first evolution quest, the
way to the [Soulchar Desolation](Soulchar_Desolation "wikilink") is e2n
from shift. Entering the gateway will take you to the area. The
firedrake Daxtraul is found dwnw; send the firedrake to listen to his
long mobprog to start the quest.

## Lord 25 Stone Giant Quest

Recommended Group size of 7-9 Lords

The group that did this quest was 8 Lords with a mix of FP and Brutes.

Tanks shift to Stone followed by rest of group. After taking shift,
portal to Stone Giant. He will run through the opening of the quest
after your giant says start. He will tell you to go to quartz bubble in
Earth . PP to Quartz .... AGGIE ... send the tanks first . After killing
the quartz you will see no obvious exits . If you move 1 e or n or s or
w you will find the sinkhole depending on which of the 4 quartz you
portaled to . after finding the sinkhole it is 2w . There your giant
should be infused .

Portal back to stone giant and the giant will finish the rest of the
spiel to make you a Stone Giant .

As with all other Elemental Giant quests you can at this point choose to
reroll . This will reroll you as aethiest . For ALL giants this is
recommended as you will gain mana and lose about 2K HP. The giant who
did this quest went from 500 to a bit over 1K mana and lost 2K ish hp.

Do not forget as with all rerolls to Reworship . The ablute and reroll
that the stone giant does on you will clear your worship at same time.

[Category:Lord Areas](Category:Lord_Areas "wikilink") [Category:World Of
Stone](Category:World_Of_Stone "wikilink") [Category:Areas That Need
Descriptions](Category:Areas_That_Need_Descriptions "wikilink")
