*The Highways include the White Stone Road, which runs around
[Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink") and north of the
[Meadow](:Category:_Meadow.md "wikilink"); the Dwarven Trade Route,
which runs from north of [Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard.md "wikilink")
around to [Mt Durr](:Category:_Mt_Durr.md "wikilink"); and the Highway
that runs from [Cathracharraig](:Category:_Cathracharraig.md "wikilink")
to [Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard.md "wikilink") to
[Mervue](:Category:_Mervue.md "wikilink"). The Great Wall is a mammoth
construct east of [Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard.md "wikilink"), which
is meant to keep the various nasties of
[Wildwood](:Category:_Wildwood.md "wikilink") out of the more civilized
parts of the Realm.*

**Level Range:** 5-12

**Builder:** Crom

## Directions

Walking route from [Nom](Nom.md "wikilink"): 1n, 8w.

Walking route from [Sol](Sol.md "wikilink"): 3e.

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 10n *or* 10e *or* 11s
*or* 11w.

## Connections

This area is the main connection area for AVATAR and as such has links
with a lot of lower level [areas](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink"), as
well as some higher ones too. These connections include: [the
Meadow](:Category:_Meadow.md "wikilink"),
[Stonehall](:Category:_Stonehall.md "wikilink"),
[Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink"),
[Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard.md "wikilink"),
[Mervue](:Category:_Mervue.md "wikilink"), [Mt.
Durr](:Category:_Mt_Durr.md "wikilink"),
[Cathracharraig](:Category:_Cathracharraig.md "wikilink") and [the
Wildwood](:Category:_Wildwood.md "wikilink").

Many, many other [areas](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") are connected
to the Highway network.

## Navigation

The various areas of the highway system have different names and as such
are a convenient way to divide up the area.

-   **The White Stone Road** is probably the part of the Highway that
    any new character will come across as it connect to [the
    Meadow](:Category:_Meadow.md "wikilink"),
    [Stonehall](:Category:_Stonehall.md "wikilink") and
    [Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink"). To the north it
    leads to the Crossroads which connects with the Dwarven Trade Route
    and the Mountain Path. To the south it turns into the Path Around
    Solace.
-   **The Old East Road** and **Woodbridge Road** together run from
    [Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace.md "wikilink") in the west to
    [Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard.md "wikilink") in the east.
-   **The Dwarven Trade Route** runs from [Mt.
    Durr](:Category:_Mt_Durr.md "wikilink") and [Odevar
    Hills](:Category:_Odevar_Hills.md "wikilink") east to the Farmer's
    Way.
-   **Farmer's Way** is a straight north-south road which connects
    [Midaard](:Category:_Midgaard.md "wikilink") and
    [Cathracharraig](:Category:_Cathracharraig.md "wikilink").
-   **The Mountain Path** runs from the Crossroads north and then east
    to [Cathracharraig](:Category:_Cathracharraig.md "wikilink"). This
    section runs through [mountainous
    territory](Mountain_Terrain.md "wikilink") and can be quite
    intensive on the movement points. This means that the Dwarven Trade
    Route and Farmer's Way is preferred route for simply getting from A
    to B.
-   **The Mountain Trail** is a short straight road which runs east from
    [Cathracharraig](:Category:_Cathracharraig.md "wikilink") to [the
    Barrier Wastes](:Category:_Barrier_Wastes.md "wikilink"). Be careful
    not to wander into the
    [River](:Category:_Rivers_Of_Avatar.md "wikilink") as there is no
    easy way back out again and it can be dangerous without a
    [boat](:Category:_Boats.md "wikilink") or other method of dealing
    with the water.
-   **Ocean Trade Route** runs north-south from
    [Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard.md "wikilink") to
    [Mervue](:Category:_Mervue.md "wikilink").
-   **Defender's Way** leaves
    [Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard.md "wikilink") and leads east to the
    Great Wall and [the Wildwood](:Category:_Wildwood.md "wikilink").
-   **The Great Wall** starts in the north at the [Tortured
    Terrain](:Category:_Tortured_Terrain.md "wikilink") and winds via
    the gate to [the Wildwood](:Category:_Wildwood.md "wikilink") south
    to eventually end at [Mervue](:Category:_Mervue.md "wikilink"). The
    north tower by the the gate to [the
    Wildwood](:Category:_Wildwood.md "wikilink") also has a connection
    to the [Airways](:Category:_Airways.md "wikilink").

## Adventuring

Highways, like the White Stone Road and the Farmer's Way, will allow you
to travel between cities easily. Peddlers, Knights, Bandits and Monks
often wander these roads.

This area is a great place for low level characters to gain quick and
relatively easy xp for a good few levels and is generally easy to solo
for most characters. In addition, it can provide some reasonable
equipment which will last you through till the xp starts to dry up -
mostly from the knights. Further, you can generally do quite well with
only the bless and armor spells given out by Nom and Sol.

Start out around the **White Stone Road** and pick off the deer, bandits
and pilgrims that lurk around here, and there is sometimes a beggar
outside of Solace. Avoid the monks at first, unless you are well
spelled, as they hurt. White knights and yeomen both carry weapons, and
so are also a bit dangerous. Green knights are a bit harder to kill than
the pilgrims, but don't do too much damage.

Travel north up to the **Dwarven Trade Route** and look to western end
for many merchants, who while they may assist, are generally easy
pickings. If you travel east you come across peddlers who are also easy
pickings and start to meet blue knights, who are much the same as the
green ones.

The east end of the **Dwarven Trade Route** ends in **Farmer's Way**,
which as it implies has a fair amount of easy to kill farmers on it,
along with merchants and more peddlers. Red knights will be more evident
around here. Head south and do a quick circuit around Midgaard, killing
the beggars there and pretty much anything else you see.

If you take **Woodbridge Road**, then you encounter a fair amount of
green knights, monks, yeomen and a few bandits. The hidden scavenger can
often be found along this section too. This is a good way to go if you
are in need of getting back to Nom or Sol for some more spells, but will
otherwise just lead you back to the beginning of the circuit.

South of Midgaard along the **Ocean Trade Route** and around Mervue, a
host of mobs can be found, which by this time should be easy pickings.
However, east of Midgaard is **Defender's Way**, which while having a
tight group of wanderers, and masons, and often a share of knights and
tinkers, can be be a bit overwhelming due to their tendency to assist.

Running north and south from **Defender's Way** is the **Great Wall**,
which to the south will eventually deposit you at Mervue. The soldiers
along the wall, those guarding the gate and the tower captains are the
toughest in the area and often carry bows. Without spells, by the time
you can kill these with ease, you can probably head to a bit of an
easier area where the mobs are a bit easier. With spells however, they
provide good xp at lower levels.

The **Mountain Trail** and the **Mountain Path** up around
Cathracharraig are not so good for xp gathering as the terrain around
here consumes movement quickly, which at low levels can be very
frustrating. Also, the most dangerous areas to accidentally wander off
the path into can generally be found along these northern sections, as
well as the north end of the **Great Wall**. Keeping away from the north
will ensure that even if you step off the path, you will have at least a
room's grace to notice your error. Some of the areas in the north
sections though will be deadly to even much higher level characters the
moment you make the mistake of entering.

[Category: Lowmort 1-10 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_1-10_Areas "wikilink")
[Category: Lowmort 11-20
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink")
