**A rogue with lockpicks is very handy for this run**

If the [Planar Anchor](Planar_Anchor "wikilink") is not already in
[Noctopia](:Category:Noctopia.md "wikilink") you get to experience the
joy that is [Noctopia](:Category:Noctopia.md "wikilink") shift. See
[Shiftwatch Orb](:Category:Shiftwatch_Orb.md "wikilink") for hints on
surviving this process. Once you clear shift go s, d, w, {d} to reach a
[Lloydable](Lloydable "wikilink") room in [Under The
Stars](:Category:Under_The_Stars.md "wikilink"). Note that that final
down exit is a bashable door. Also note that the "bleeding tunnels"
portion of [Under The Stars](:Category:Under_The_Stars.md "wikilink") is
noregen.

From the [Lloydable](Lloydable "wikilink") room in [Under The
Stars](:Category:Under_The_Stars.md "wikilink") go all north, west, all
north, down, and all north. At the end of all north, you will need a
rogue to pick west. After picking this door, head north again until you
see a closed up, which you can bashdoor open. Heading up should put you
into the jail. From here, head due east as much as possible (you will
need to take a north once during the east, I believe), until you reached
another locked door. Pick this, then head east again. This should take
you to a North/South fork; you will want to head one south then all east
until you reached a locked door that can't be picked or bashed. The key
to unlock this is the Iron Key, and is found on the dark Fae jailor
nearby. If it's not directly in this room, head back west, south, and
scan for a torturer. Once you get the key, unlock east and head east,
taking the first north you can. Heading all north from this passage will
lead you to an up which you can bashdoor to access the Arena.

Once you're in the arena [Duke Malafont](Duke_Malafont "wikilink") is
trackable. To get there head as far north as you can, and when you can't
go north, go east. Right outside of his room seemed relatively safe for
napping. Make sure you kill any beastmasters on scan before you try to
nap. The [Rampaging Mastador](Rampaging_Mastador "wikilink") can be
skinned for [Rough-Hewn Belt Of Thick, Hairy
Hide](Rough-Hewn_Belt_Of_Thick,_Hairy_Hide "wikilink"). These mobs have
the annoying tendency to stay one room away from you and longshot. Note
that [Duke Malafont](Duke_Malafont "wikilink") and the rest of his room
are reboot only.

Keeping company with [Duke Malafont](Duke_Malafont "wikilink") is
[Paehandra Of The Moon](Paehandra_Of_The_Moon "wikilink"). While she no
longer casts [Martyrdom](Martyrdom "wikilink"), she will still
intervention and heal the other mobs, so it's a good idea to target her
first.

While you're on the [arena
floor](:Category:Obsidian_Arena;_Floor.md "wikilink") you can check if
[Yorimandil The Blind](Yorimandil_The_Blind "wikilink") is home. I'm
pretty sure he splits his time between this area and the "iron walkways"
portion of [Under The Stars](:Category:Under_The_Stars.md "wikilink").

If you kill all the mobs in the area, then you can obtain the [Shield Of
Shadows](Shield_Of_Shadows "wikilink"). The message will look like:

`  As the last enemy falls, tiny shadows gather from each corpse.`  
`  Slowly they pull to your location, building into a swirling vortex`  
`  of shadows. This is the prize of the Champion of the Obsidian Arena.`

[Category:Gear In Noctopia](Category:Gear_In_Noctopia "wikilink")
[Category:Obsidian Arena;
Floor](Category:Obsidian_Arena;_Floor "wikilink") [Category:Reboot or
Reset Runs](Category:Reboot_or_Reset_Runs "wikilink")
