*On the outskirts of [Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace "wikilink") in a
dark forest, a [witch](Wicked_Witch_(Witch's_Forest) "wikilink") has
entered into an unholy alliance with some of the more unpleasant
[races](:Category:_Races "wikilink") that inhabit Midgaardia. The
[witch](Wicked_Witch_(Witch's_Forest) "wikilink") is known to sacrifice
people that enter her forest, so look out!*

**Level Range:** 5-10

**Builder:** Minx

## Directions

Walking route from [Nom](Nom "wikilink"): n, 8w, s, 2e, n.

Walking route from [Sol](Sol "wikilink"): 3e, s, 2e, n.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Wicked
Witch](Wicked_Witch_(Witch's_Forest) "wikilink") (note:
[wanders](Wandering_Mobs "wikilink")).

## Connections

This area is connected to [Highways/Great
Wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink").

## Navigation

The first section is a fairly linear path leading through the forest.
Most of the mobs for gear and exp are here. At the end of the path is
the Witch's house, where you can find the [Wicked
Witch](Wicked_Witch "wikilink").

## Adventuring

This is one of the first levels whose creatures have a good range of
difficulties. As such, remember [consider](Consider "wikilink") is your
friend and use it liberally on the different types of
[mobs](:Category:_Mobs "wikilink"). The
[area](:Category:_Areas "wikilink") is [dark](Dark_Rooms "wikilink") so
make sure to bring a [light](:Category:_Lights "wikilink") along.

For lower level [characters](:Category:_Characters "wikilink"), stick to
killing the kobolds, the [dryad](Dark_Dryad "wikilink"), and the [water
sprites](Water_Sprite "wikilink"). One of the
[kobolds](Kobold_(Witch's_Forest) "wikilink") may be wearing [buck-skin
gloves](Buck-Skin_Gloves "wikilink"), which are +dex gear for hands -
decent if you don't have anything else on your mitts already. Higher-end
chars should try the [evil goblins](Evil_Goblin "wikilink") and the
[orcs](Hairy_Orc "wikilink"), but be aware they have wields.

The [raven](Raven_Familiar "wikilink") that wanders around has the black
key needed to unlock the witch's cottage at the end of the area. To get
to the cottage, you'll have to walk in a big counter-clockwise spiral,
being mindful of the numerous one-way paths that can make life
confusing.

The [witch](Wicked_Witch_(Witch's_Forest) "wikilink") at the end of the
cavern is pretty tough, and she holds a +3 damroll wield.

[Category: Lowmort 1-10 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_1-10_Areas "wikilink")
