''Long ago, when the world was young, the [High
Elves](High_Elves "wikilink") were creators. With their powerful magic
they shaped and created beings, what today are called nixies and pixies.
But alas, with any powerful magic, there are successes and there are
failures. The [elves](High_Elves "wikilink"), in the compassion, could
not destroy their mistakes and long pondered what should be done with
these misshapen creatures which have come to be known as gremlins. It
was decided that the gremlins would be exiled, free to live their lives
away from anyone. The [High Elves](High_Elves "wikilink") agonized over
their decision, weeping at the fate that they had bestowed on the
gremlins. From their agony sprung the River of Tears, in the middle of
which exists an island where the gremlins have lived since ancient
times. For their imprisonment the gremlins hate the
[elves](High_Elves "wikilink") but, alas, they are too fearful to leave
their island. In gremlin lore it is said that only Jacros, gremlin hero,
has ever had the courage to cross the fearful River of Tears and strike
back against the [High Elves](High_Elves "wikilink") and the [Kingdom of
the Willows](:Category:_Kingdom_Of_The_Willows "wikilink").

**Level Range:** 6-10

**Builder:** Yevaud

## Directions

Walking route from [Sol](Sol "wikilink"): 3e, 2n, 3e, n, e.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [gremlin
Bawanna](Gremlin_Bawanna "wikilink").

## Connections

This area is connected to [Highways/Great
Wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink").

## Navigation

The Weeping is a fairly large [area](:Category:_Areas "wikilink")
divided roughly into two different sections - the wilderness, with
wolves and deer, and the gremlin island with *lots* of gremlins.

## Adventuring

Immediately east of the entrace the trail will split into north and
south directions; the northward path will bring you past numerous buck,
wolves, and a doe's den, eventually leading to a dead end. The south
path will branch east and bring you past more buck and wolves eventually
leading to the gremlin island. After taking the initial south turn, the
next south branch curves back around west to an
[aggy](Aggressive_Mobs "wikilink") female wolf, who is not terribly
difficult.

These four groups of [mobs](:Category:_Mobs "wikilink") make up the
first half of the [area](:Category:_Areas "wikilink"). Their approximate
difficulty, in increasing order is:

-   doe
-   buck
-   wolf
-   she-wolf

Continuing east and north will eventually land you on the gremlin
island, where there are a *ton* of gremlins for the killing. None are
difficult, and they should be good and fast
[xp](Experience_Points "wikilink") for [lv.](Level "wikilink") 5-7. Be
warned, however, that they do have the tendancy to
[assist](Assistive_Mobs "wikilink"), so be careful in large
[rooms](:Category:_Rooms "wikilink"), especially if you are low on
[HP](Hit_Points "wikilink").

There are a couple of [rooms](:Category:_Rooms "wikilink") of interest
near the centre of the gremlin island; the kitchen, nearly in the centre
of the island, leads down to the source of the gremlin water, which is
free lowmort [giant strength](Giant_Strength "wikilink") if you drink.
As well, there are two closed doors in separate rooms near the centre of
the island: one leading north and one leading south.

Through the south door will take you to two guards (a bit tougher with
wield/shield but not [aggy](Aggressive_Mobs "wikilink")). You can go
east and then up, but watch for a hidden
[aggy](Aggressive_Mobs "wikilink") troll guardian (room name Gloom and
Doom, "hidden danger" on [scan](Scan "wikilink") if you have [detect
hidden](Detect_Hidden "wikilink")). He is a bit tougher than the rest of
the [mobs](:Category:_Mobs "wikilink") and will get the first hit in if
you dont have [detect hidden](Detect_Hidden "wikilink") or an areaspell.
Up again from here will take you to an ancient elf, who holds a
[ticket](:Category:_Tickets "wikilink") for an item (the target of which
is easy to discern, but not easy to locate unless you are very familiar
with the MUD or have [teleport](Teleport "wikilink")).

Back and through the north door lands you in the court of the gremlin
king. West and down from the king will land you in the shrine of Jacros;
watch for an [aggy](Aggressive_Mobs "wikilink")
[hidden](Hide_Flag "wikilink") keeper of the statue. In the statue's
hand you'll find another [ticket](:Category:_Tickets "wikilink") for
another obscure item.

Overall a great area, especially if you stay in the midst of the
plentiful gremlins. It is home to a couple of useful low level ac
pieces, namely the [tunic of lichen](Tunic_Of_Lichen "wikilink") and the
[sharpened willow stick](Sharpened_Willow_Stick "wikilink").

[Category: Lowmort 1-10 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_1-10_Areas "wikilink")
