*A small island with a big problem, this cay can hardly support itself
and maintain a natural balance with the weak ecosystem that is formed on
this coral reef. [A ranger](Conian_The_Hermit_Ranger.md "wikilink") from
the eastern forest gave up his life years ago in the woods to attempt
bringing some checks back into the islands population. Ocean voyagers
openly boast of having hunted and killed turtles with unusual shells and
coloration's near Tortuga Cay in order to earn more profits from a sea
journey. Such trinkets are valued as trade goods to many mainland stores
and nobles buy them as rare gifts. It is heard from all accounts, [the
ranger](Conian_The_Hermit_Ranger.md "wikilink") still lives there and
even encourages poaching of these animals as a control.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Ducer

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 41s, e (note: crosses
[water terrain](Water_Terrain.md "wikilink")).

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [ranger
Conian](Conian_The_Hermit_Ranger.md "wikilink") (note:
[hidden](Hide_Flag.md "wikilink")).

## Connections

-   [Sea Of Strayed Hopes](:Category:Sea_Of_Strayed_Hopes.md "wikilink")

## Navigation

The lower level is all cursed. The southern tip of the top level leads
to the Sea of Strayed Hopes.

## Adventuring

A generally safe area with 21 turtle-themed mobs and one druid mob. A
good PP and reference point for this area is
[Conian](Conian_The_Hermit_Ranger.md "wikilink"), who is hidden. The
average tortuga provides experience between 90 and 150; the ones in
sanctuary at the lower level provide 170-300 (there are only two). While
this is primarily an area for a low level caster, some monks/shfs/bzks
occasionally have been spotted killing a turtle or two after a run, as
edged melee weapons do not work on these mobs.

Note that the two gigantoise turtles are stompers, so avoid dropping any
items in their room. The aggressive mobs are the horned, snapping (two
of them), and spiny tortugas. These are evil alignment; the rest of the
tortugas neutral, except for the immature tortugas which are saintly.
Conian is also of good alignment, but be careful - he casts faerie fire
and area spells, which can implicate other players in the room. The
tortuga matriarch, who is at the lower level, has a natural resistance
to spell damage (comparable to sanctuary) and will require more mana to
kill than the other mobs. In fact, all the turtles are sometimes
resistant to damage, where an unsurged disintegrate or torment can leave
them in excellent condition for the first hit.

Due to the low amount of mobs, it is not a recommended area for quick
leveling.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
