*Long ago, when Kra still walked the realm a group of Dwarves set out to
learn her healing ways. After stumbling across the durite of Mt. Durr
they were able to create a healing salve to cure all ailments while
creating a sweet odor.*

*Eventually this odor drew some interesting visitors and it was only
then that the dwarves realized exactly what they had discovered.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Kerrinth

This area was added in January 2011.

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 14n, 8w, 3n, 9w, n,
2u, 2w, u, 2n, 3w, 2n, w, 2n, 3w, n.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Voli](Voli "wikilink").

## Connections

-   [Deepways](:Category:Deepways.md "wikilink")
-   [Mt. Durr](:Category:Mt_Durr.md "wikilink")

## Navigation

There are two portions to the area - an upper layer and a lower layer:

-   The upper portion is a simple cross with no aggressive mobs.
-   The lower portion contains more non-aggresive beetles and ants, and
    four aggressive mobs.

## Adventuring

This is a simple area with only a few non-wandering aggressive mobs. The
aggie mobes are 75/80 while the wandering non-aggie mobies are upper 58.
Because of that this is a good area for low hero soloers or high lowmort
groups. The ants will flee.

The area got an update in mid-March 2020. A solo player visiting Voli
receives a quest. (The quest is not available to lords according to the
mobprog.) First get the three keys from the chests upstairs, then kill
the three queens, then turn in the three keys and receive another
one-time-use key which leads to Jijon. Kill Jijon in the room named
*DOOM!* and exit via "up" and Voli offers you two rewards. -- this is a
solo quest, the alt that wants the insignia must get the kill on all 4
mobs. The first 3 mobs can be weakened using an alt, but the last mob
(level 89 sanc'd) is in a locked room and when you acquire the key, it
is a one time use. --- Priests and viz are going to have a very
difficult time completing this. Pal, cleric, and druid will have a much
easier time.

First, you get a "The Blessings of Kra" insignia which adds +2% healing
power for 1 month.

Second, you also get a choice between a healing helmet, staff, or
scroll. The helmet is bound to the player ("It is owned by Playername")
and offers -40ac, -10svs, +2% hp regeneration.

The staff is not bound to the player; it adds +15 svs (making it worse);
it has weight 2, level 51, and has 25 charges of level 54 'heal'.

The Scroll of Kra is a level 51 scroll that has level 55 spells of heal,
heal, magic light

First three of the aggie mobs are behind the three locked doors, keys to
which can be found in chests on the upper layer (in sections above the
locked-off sections on the lower layer, see map for clarification).
Further south behind another locked door in the southern hall of the
lower layer is the fourth.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
