*The Fae of [Arcadia](:Category:Arcadia "wikilink") have long laid claim
to the mystical energy of the [Astral
Plane](:Category:Astral "wikilink"). They believe that the vast power of
the Mystical Realm should belong solely to themselves.*

*For Eons the Giths have dominated the Astral Plane; at one time they
went so far as to physically tether it to the [Plane of
Midgaardia](:Category:Midgaardia "wikilink") to keep it out of the hands
of the Fae.*

*Shortly after Midgaardian Lords and Ladies first managed to
[Planeshift](Planeshift "wikilink") into
[Arcadia](:Category:Arcadia "wikilink"), the Fae managed to pull the
[Astral Plane](:Category:Astral "wikilink") away from the Lords' former
home of [Midgaardia](:Category:Midgaardia "wikilink"); finally they
restored its proper place in the Planescape.*

*This restructuring required that the Fae launch a massive invasion into
the [Astral Plane](:Category:Astral "wikilink"). By separating the plane
from [Midgaardia](:Category:Midgaardia "wikilink"), the Fae finished the
first phase of their operation. Now they seek to destroy the Githyanki
strongholds on the [Astral Plane](:Category:Astral "wikilink") and claim
it as their own. The Fae have created a base there that is said to
resemble an enormous, crystalline spider; it sustains a great Nexus from
the [Astral Plane](:Category:Astral "wikilink") to
[Arcadia](:Category:Arcadia "wikilink") itself.*

**Builder:** Dev

## Directions

[Planeshift](Planeshift "wikilink") to
[Astral](:Category:Astral "wikilink") and go n, w, s

## Connections

Besides the entrance, this area connects back up with [Plane Of
Astral](:Category:Plane_Of_Astral "wikilink") in the [Inferno
Stone](Inferno_Stone "wikilink") gear room.

## Navigation

This area is shaped like a spider, with eight long, twisting legs. Once
you get to the fae fortress (the body of the spider), the legs are laid
out as follows:

`  8 1`  
`  | |`  
`7-   -2`  
`6-   -3`  
`  | |`  
`  5 4`

Note that you enter the area through the eighth leg.

## Adventuring

This area has some interesting gear. See [Gear In Astral
Invasion](:Category:Gear_In_Astral_Invasion "wikilink") for more
information.

Other than that, it provides reasonable exp for a group of 10, but the
mobs are a hassle. They wield ethereal (un-disarmable) weapons, they
bash and disarm, and there's invis kzin bodyguards all over the place.
The only reason I would run here for exp is if I wanted to try something
different, or if it had been a long time since reboot.

[Category:Lord Areas](Category:Lord_Areas "wikilink")
[Category:Astral](Category:Astral "wikilink")
