*Located between [Westwood](:Category:_Westwood.md "wikilink") and the
mighty Qa River lies a great open grassland filled with wildlife.
Strange rock formations, carved by ancient seas, dot the land. The
abundant wildlife of the Qanza Prairie attracts hunters both big and
small.*

**Level Range:** 10-20

**Builder:** Vorak

## Directions

Walking route from [Sol](Sol.md "wikilink"): 2e, n, 2w, s, 2w, s, d, w,
u, n, 6w, n, 2w, n, w, s, 2w, n, w, s, 4w.

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 17w, s, 5w, 3n, 3w,
n, w, n, 2w, s, 2w, s, d, w, u, n, 6w, n, 2w, n, w, s, 2w, n, w, s, 4w.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Odertha](Odertha.md "wikilink"), [jackalope](Jackalope.md "wikilink")
(note: [wanders](Wandering_Mobs.md "wikilink")), [mother
beaver](Mother_Beaver.md "wikilink").

## Connections

Qanza Prairie presently connects to
[Westwood](:Category:_Westwood.md "wikilink"), which forms its eastern
boundary, and [Qass Tomb](:Category:_Qass_Tomb.md "wikilink") which can
be found within the Haunted Rocks sections of the area. A connection to
[The Airways](:Category:_Airways.md "wikilink") is in the center atop
the rock.

## Navigation

Qanza Prairie consists of a north-south strip of land that lies between
[Westwood](:Category:_Westwood.md "wikilink"), which serves as its
eastern boundary, and the Qa River, which serves as its western
boundary. Two spots of particular note are Haunted Rock in its
northwest, where tortured spirits drift about, and the Barrens, where a
[trapper](Trapper.md "wikilink") has a hut.

[Category: Lowmort 11-20
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink")
