*The cracked, rough surface of Outland has long been the scene of
bloodshed between the githzerai and the githyanki. The githyanki
established supremacy and pushed the githzerai back into their keep
where they have bided their time, growing stronger and preparing to one
day retake the surface lands, while the githyanki have wasted their
skills on foolish Midgaardian interlopers. Now the time has come and the
githzerai have launched a counter-offensive, sending their forces
against their ancient foes. Tread lightly, as neither group cares for
you!*

**Builder:** Snikt

## Directions

## Connections

## Navigation

## Adventuring

Regen room from recall, 2s 2w

Outland proper is a great place for experience for a group of size 7-11,
when there are enough but not too many Lords on. With enough casters --
especially Sorcerors -- in your group, it is fairly easy to lead a run
of over 3K exp. It is approximately 10x10 with wraparound exits. Gith
keep is in the northwest corner, and the start of Commander run is on
the southwest side. Picture shift like an east/west bridge. Mobs to the
east and west can walk in, but mobs to the north and south pass the
shift room by (the rooms north and south connect to each other).

Be careful right at shift, as occasionally there can be a large swarm of
5-6 mobs (wastesweepers come into the room when you shift in, and
aggie). Scout is a psion; be alert for migraines and scrambles on this
plane.

Mobs to beware of are 1 stabber (on scan: Moving silently, a githzerai
stalks a githyanki). Butcher is big and wields (on scan: The serene look
of insanity, perhaps the last thing you ever see) and champion hurts a
lot and casts meteor swarm (on scan: A massive githzerai swaggers toward
you). If you see an exit going down, it leads to the [Silver
Chestplate](Silver_Chestplate "wikilink") run. If you see an exit going
up, it leads to the Gith Keep.

For regenerating, make sure no mobs are on scan, and sleep away.
Alternatively, make your way to the sentinels (on scan: 2 x A githyanki
scans the horizon, alert for any danger). (Unclear why that is
recommended, as sentinel rooms are not safe rooms, and lookout scouts
are poor xp for the effort.) However, try to clear all the mobs in
adjacent rooms before sleeping. Or, recall to shift, clear east/west
rooms, and sleep there (no longer an infirmary).

Most of the rooms are homeshiftable.

## The monolith mini-quest

The regen room (2s 2w from shift) can be made more safe.

After a reboot, visit the leaders of the north/south/east/west and kill
them or otherwise obtain their reboot-only items, called "western tip of
the monolith", "eastern tip of the monolith", "northern tip of the
monolith", "southern tip of the monolith".

Drop all four of these in the regen room and you'll see:

`  The northern tip of the monolith falls from Falros's hands`  
`  smashing into the ground, causing a cloud of red dust to`  
`  rise.  With a sudden crack of magic, the piece flies up`  
`  to the top of the monolith and snaps into place!`

`  When it is but inches from the ground, the southern tip`  
`  is the monolith instead rebounds upwards and snaps into `  
`  place at the top of the monolith!`

`  The western tip of monolith is ripped from gravity's`  
`  grasp and pulled towards the top of the monolith!  It`  
`  slides into place with a small but audible *click*.`

`  The final piece of the monolith snaps into place!`  
`  `  
`  The monolith begins to glow bright gold against`  
`  the harsh red sky, before the color fades back to`  
`  to a more natural red.  Finally, the Githzerai can`  
`  get ever closer to the Githyanki domain...`

`  You get the feeling that you should look at the apex.`

"look apex", and this gives a small xp boost and an insignia which grows
over time (I went from Githzerai Monolith Joiner to Githzerai Monolith
Carpenter just now and got 250xp).

After you do this, the room becomes lloydable (eligible for a shrine
etc.). Also, you can drop a dream of safety in the room to create 4
walls (like a mprog that casts wall of thorns for you).

[Category:Areas That Need
Descriptions](Category:Areas_That_Need_Descriptions "wikilink")
[Category:Lord Areas](Category:Lord_Areas "wikilink")
[Category:Outland](Category:Outland "wikilink")
