*You have stepped into a bizarre realm of twisting perspectives and
flickering lights, where the horizon cannot be fixed upon by the eye,
and each room seems like a confining cell and a limitless plane at the
same time. Only a series of liquid silver mirrors provide consistency,
otherwise each "room" is like a different face, or shard, of a giant
prism - one might be made of some strange liquid, another of buffeting
gas, one of solid stone or molten metal, or of nothing at all. And those
silver portals connecting it all, with no escape save death...*

*The Tesseract visits madness upon wizards and sages who ponder the
secrets of the universe too singlemindedly. Traces of its influence may
linger where that madness took hold.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Xochitl

This [area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") was part of an
[area-building contest](Area-Building_Contests.md "wikilink") in 2018.  
This [area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") was added in 2019.  
This area was updated and moved to a permanent home in August of 2023.  

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): ?.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Butler
Higgins](Butler_Higgins "wikilink").

## Connections

-   [Laboratory Of
    Chalmus](:Category:Laboratory_Of_Chalmus.md "wikilink")

## Navigation

Players need to be in a group of at least two to enter the first portal.
Talk with the mob [Physical Change](Physical_Change "wikilink") in the
entrance room.

The main part of this area is just eight single rooms with no normal
exits. Half are water rooms, and these have an invisible fountain which
can be quaffed to be taken to Floating In A Fog Of Death (also where
your corpse is moved if you die), a safe room above the entrance. The
third and largest mob in each room will spawn a portal (a large mirror
of liquid silver) on death, which will last for a short time until the
initial mob re-spawns and then disappear. Each player entering one of
these portals is randomly sent to one of the eight "shard" rooms. This
means each group member should be prepared to be alone in a room. The
larger a group is the better the chances of more than one in a room
together. Also, killing faster will get you the next portal more
quickly, and a chance to join a groupie. There is no exit from the area
aside from death, teleporting out, or quaffing one of the hidden
fountains in a water room.

## Comments

Each of the main eight rooms contains a different series of three mobs
(of levels 65(slight)-75(average)-85(extreme)), each spawned on death of
the previous one. These mobs are named after physical and chemical
properties like Length, Volume, Mass, Malleability, Luster. The
initial/smallest mobs (Slight) cannot see sneak/mh. These mobs are of a
very wide variety of races, classes and (some quite nasty) abilities. In
general they are quite tough and have both shields (some charged, both
flame and lightning) and weapons. There is also an invis (non-aggie) mob
that drifts among the eight main rooms ([Transitory
Transmutation](Transitory_Transmutation "wikilink")).

Gear wise, at least two mobs carry poison ([delicate
ceramic](A_Delicate_Ceramic_Sphere.md "wikilink")/[delicate
glass](A_Delicate_Glass_Sphere.md "wikilink") sphere, venom), another a
gun and some exploding bullets (a [Rainbow Gun](Rainbow_Gun "wikilink")
on [Slight Length](Slight_Length "wikilink") in "Swinging Through An
Electromagnetic Field"), and the boss drops a wand with level 51
Ultrablast ([bent rod of rusted
iron](bent_rod_of_rusted_iron "wikilink")). There is also a psi mob that
carries an ethereal blasting weapon (a [flickering splinter of sulfuric
acid](flickering_splinter_of_sulfuric_acid "wikilink")).

When the mob [Extreme Length](Extreme_Length "wikilink") is killed the
area boss spawns, [Corrosion of Metals](Corrosion_of_Metals "wikilink")
(level 95). There is an [insignia](insignia "wikilink") quest ([Master
of The Tesseract](Master_Of_The_Tesseract_Quest.md "wikilink")) which
involves being in the group/room for the deaths of all eight Extreme
mobs as well as the area boss. The entrance mob can let you know which
you are missing. Restarting the area with a new group resets the quest.

All in all this is a very tough area. Given that several mobs have
abilities that can damage your gear it's worth noting that the initial
mob [Physical Change](Physical_Change "wikilink") is a
[smith](smith "wikilink").

Since this is a contest area it may not have finalized gear as far as
bonuses and so on, and it could be removed altogether or moved to
another part of the Avatar world at some point.

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
