*There is a settlement of gray [elves](Elves "wikilink") and
[half-elves](Half-Elves "wikilink") to the north, at the foot of the
northern mountain range, near [Morgan
Vale](:Category:_Morgan_Vale "wikilink") and the [court of Baron
Sarphyre](:Category:_Sarphyre's_Court "wikilink"). Having lived there
for many centuries peacefully, the [elves](Elves "wikilink") now are
threatened by the presence of a band of harpies in the volcano called
[Lloth's Peak](:Category:_Lloth's_Peak "wikilink"). Rumor has it that
the harpies fly out at night and kidnap the young. The foothills are
located north of the intersection between the White Stone road and the
Dwarven Trade route.*

**Level Range:** 10-20

**Builder:** Dev

## Directions

Walking route from [Sol](Sol "wikilink"): 3e, 2n, 3e, 9n.

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink"): 14n, 8w, 3n, 6w, 4n.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[Nyad](Nyad "wikilink").

## Connections

This area is connected to [Highways/Great
Wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink"), [Lloth's
Peak](:Category:_Lloth's_Peak "wikilink"), [Sarphyre's
Court](:Category:_Sarphyre's_Court "wikilink"), [Laboratory of
Chalmus](:Category:_Laboratory_Of_Chalmus "wikilink"), and [Valley of
the Sun](:Category:_Valley_Of_The_Sun "wikilink").

## Navigation

Most adventurers enter the area through [Highways/Great
Wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink"). There are two shops in
the northern section; [Aurora](Aurora "wikilink") sells archery gear,
while [Deacon](Deacon "wikilink") sells various pieces of armor that can
also be found on the mobs in the area. Players can scale the
mountainside to reach [Lloth's Peak](:Category:_Lloth's_Peak "wikilink")
& [Laboratory Of Chalmus](:Category:Laboratory_Of_Chalmus "wikilink")
near the center of the area. The [Nyad](Nyad "wikilink") is found a bit
south from the center of the area, and far south of the area is a valley
for lizardmen. See the map for details.

## Adventuring

The [Dirty Gnolls](Dirty_Gnoll "wikilink") and [Grumpy
Gnolls](Grumpy_Gnoll "wikilink") that wander the area are
[aggressive](Aggressive_Mobs "wikilink"), so be sure to
[scan](Scan "wikilink") for them while walking through the area. The
area contains a fair collection of mobs that can be killed for exp. The
mobs here are slightly more difficult since many of them are wearing
gear. However, the gear they hold are generally pretty useful. If the
mobs are proving to be too much, [Deacon](Deacon "wikilink") sells many
pieces that the mobs also wear, though usually at a lower base.

The lizardmen at the southern end of the section are much tougher, and
players should not enter it unless near the upper end of the area's
level range. Also dangerous are the paths to [Lloth's
Peak](:Category:_Lloth's_Peak "wikilink") and [Valley of the
Sun](:Category:_Valley_Of_The_Sun "wikilink"). The path to the Valley of
the Sun has a large warning, while the path to Lloth's Peak mentions
climbing the volcano. While the paths are not dangerous, these two
connecting areas contain [aggressive mobs](Aggressive_Mobs "wikilink")
that are much higher than the level range of the Elven Foothills.

This zone is home to the [Nyad](Nyad "wikilink"), who has a quest for
adventurers willing to help her. See the Quests section for more
details.

[Category: Lowmort 1-10 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_1-10_Areas "wikilink")
[Category: Lowmort 11-20
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink")
