*It is rumored that, somewhere, deep within a remote mountain range,
there lurks a nameless Necromancer, whose power to control the dead is
rivalled only by the Gods themselves. It is said that this madman is
amassing a huge army of the [Undead](Undead_Mobs.md "wikilink") to walk
forth and conquer our Realm. Some rumors say that even such powerful
[Undead](Undead_Mobs.md "wikilink") as Ciquala and Nubrius are not
immune to his machinations.*

**Level Range:** 51-51

**Builder:** Crowe

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 16s, 2e, s, 3e, 2s,
4e, 2n.

Walking route from [Kelsee](Kelsee.md "wikilink"): 5s, 2e, 2n.

[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point(s) suggested: [Guardian
Wraith](Guardian_Wraith "wikilink") or [Cooling
Corpse](Cooling_Corpse "wikilink") (multiple aggies, inside the tower).

## Connections

-   [Haunted Forst](:Category:Haunted_Forest.md "wikilink")
    ([map](Haunted_Forest_Map.md "wikilink"))

## Navigation

The tower is made of 5 floors, each one progressively smaller than the
previous one. Most of the floors are uncursed, save the fifth one.

Once on the top, there is a downward path all the way to the basement,
with a large T intersection leading to the Necromancer and the Ebrishim,
respectively. This part is fully cursed, with the exception of the final
room behind the Necromancer.

## Adventuring

The area is a mix of small and large mobs, ranging anywhere from
60-350xp, depending on the mob in question and can be run anywhere from
solo to smaller trios. Mob density is good and it may take some time to
fully clear the tower.

The hallways of the five floors are filled with wandering non-aggressive
corpses, ghouls and zombies and aggressive [Howling
Wraiths](Howling_Wraith "wikilink"). These are small mobs, an rarely
represent any danger.

Bosses like [Death Knight General](Death_Knight_General "wikilink")
(stomper) or [Banshee Commander](Banshee_Commander "wikilink")
(animator) are nicely closed in their rooms, and can be fought at
leisure. Of note are the three rooms on the first floor with cooling
corpses - a nice place for small casters to deploy their [Acid
Rains](Acid_Rain "wikilink") for some quick xp.

Once all the way to the top, a secret door can be found south of the
Throneroom, leading to the more difficult part of the area, which is
also fully cursed. All down and all eastwards is a T intersection.
Southwards is [Ebrishim The
Dracolich](Ebrishim_The_Dracolich "wikilink"), a lvl 90 tailing
breathing undead dragon, in a private room - a solo fight, possibly
difficult for small heroes. Northwards is a locked but passable door
beyond which is the [Necromancer](Necromancer "wikilink") and whatever
corpses he animated there. This room is not private. One room further
northwards is uncursed so it may be wise to speed-walk him, set recall
there and only then return to fight the necromancer (CR reasons).

[Category: Hero Areas](Category:_Hero_Areas "wikilink")
