*There is a small path through the woods between the [Oak
Circle](:Category:_Oak_Circle "wikilink") and
[Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace "wikilink") to the west. For reasons
known only to himself, [Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace "wikilink")'s
[Fewmaster Toede](Fewmaster_Toede "wikilink") has built a crude wall
smack in the middle of this path, and declared that none may be allowed
to pass.*

**Level Range:** 8-9

**Builder:** Crom

## Directions

Walking route from [Sol](Sol "wikilink"): n, w, \[w\], 2w, s, d, w, u,
n, 3w, 2s.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested: hobgoblin flunky
(note: there are many in various areas).

## Connections

This small area connects with [ Oak
Circle](:Category:Oak_Circle "wikilink"), [ Crystalmir
Lake](:Category:Crystalmir_Lake "wikilink") and [
Tiureess](:Category:Tiureess "wikilink").

## Navigation

Travelling from north ([Oak Circle](:Category:_Oak_Circle "wikilink"))
to south ([Crystalmir Lake](:Category:_Crystalmir_Lake "wikilink"))
explorers will find their way blocked by the wall which gives its name
to this area. Fortunately, a deer path skirts the wall to the west and
will rejoin the main path a short way south of the wall. The deer path
also holds a western trail which leads into
[Tiureess](:Category:_Tiureess "wikilink").

The reverse journey, travelling from south to north is much easier, as
the wall is climbable from this direction, and you can drop down on the
other side and continue your journey. Of course, the deer path is also
available if you wish to avoid the hobgoblins all together.

This area is most useful as a speedy way to walk between the
[Westwood](:Category:_Westwood "wikilink") (via either [Oak
Circle](:Category:_Oak_Circle "wikilink") or
[Tiureess](:Category:_Tiureess "wikilink") and the western part of
[Crystalmir Lake](:Category:_Crystalmir_Lake "wikilink") which leads to
[Paradise Point](:Category:_Paradise_Point "wikilink") without having to
travel back to [Stonehall](:Category:_Stonehall "wikilink") and use the
[White Stone Road](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink") or pass
through, or around [Solace](:Category:_Town_Of_Solace "wikilink").

## Adventuring

With very few mobs, this is not a good area to run for experience. It
can, however, provide a convenient location for realigning to good for
those levelling in [ Oak Circle](:Category:_Oak_Circle "wikilink"), a
few mobs while waiting for a repop, or some variation xp for races with
high tnl who are beginning to see a drop in their xp after killing the
same mobs thirty times in the same reboot.

[Category: Lowmort 1-10 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_1-10_Areas "wikilink")
