*Many years ago, the Sableroix were among the greatest noble houses of
all the [races](:Category:_Races "wikilink"). They built a huge estate
somewhere west of [Midgaard](:Category:_Midgaard "wikilink") where they
entertained guests at lavish parties. The gardens were full of exotic
trees and plants from all over the realm. After the death of the last of
the heirs of the Sableroix family, the estate was taken over by the
surrounding trees. Vercing Sableroix had been a collector of unusual
animals, many of whom he treated as pets. These animals went feral after
the estate fell into ruins. Many of their descendents still live there.*

**Level Range:** 8-12

**Builder:** Cerdwyn

## Directions

Walking route from [Nom](Nom "wikilink"): n, 8w, 2n, e, n.

Walking route from [Sol](Sol "wikilink"): 3e, 2n, e, n.

[Portaling](Portal "wikilink") point(s) suggested:
[pangolin](Pangolin "wikilink").

## Connections

This area is connected to [Highways/Great
Wall](:Category:_Highways/Great_Wall "wikilink").

## Navigation

The first section players enter is the western end, which is the garden
of the manor. The manor is to the east, where some of the stronger
baboons can be found. See the map for details.

## Adventuring

This area features cute little baboons that throw cute little throwing
weapons. And by "cute", I mean "really, really, REALLY painful". Despite
weakening the weapons to the lowest possible base stats, the baboons can
kill low level players even if they are decked out in the finest of
gear, and fully spelled up. If you want to risk getting exp here, stick
to the western end of the area and [scan](Scan "wikilink") for baboons.
Kill the mobs other than the baboons. There are much safer areas to get
exp from, though, and there isn't too much gear that is vital in the
area.

Enjoy the lovely acacia and banyan trees.

[Category: Lowmort 1-10 Areas](Category:_Lowmort_1-10_Areas "wikilink")
[Category: Lowmort 11-20
Areas](Category:_Lowmort_11-20_Areas "wikilink")
