*Cloud Giants are perhaps best known for their mysterious habit of
creating floating castles in the sky. Those who have not yet created
such a luxurious abode tend to dwell on the peaks of the tallest
mountains. Cloud Giants most often have milky white skin and light blue
hair.*

*Cloud Giants are fickle beings. Their mood can transition from serene
to enraged at a moment's notice. Indeed, the more tempermental members
of this race are sometimes known as Storm Giants, due to their habit of
throwing lightning bolts around haphazardly.*

*Despite their huge size, all Cloud Giants have an innate ability to
fly. This helps them reach their floating castles in the sky. When
defensive cover is called for, a Cloud Giant can create a thick fog to
surround themselves and their allies. Cloud Giants can also occasionally
discharge their Elemental energies in the form of a powerful lightning
bolt. Lastly, Cloud Giant have the ability to summon a mighty gust to
eliminate unnatural weather patterns.*

*Despite the fact that they are substandard spellcasters, Cloud Giants
perform admirably when working with air, water, or electric magic.*

Cloud Giants have four main racial commands that set them apart. They
are [Fly](Racial_Fly.md "wikilink"), [Bolt](Racial_Bolt.md "wikilink"),
[Fog](Racial_Fog.md "wikilink"), and [Gust](Racial_Gust.md "wikilink").

[Category:Elemental Giant
Races](Category:Elemental_Giant_Races "wikilink") [Category: Greater
Races](Category:_Greater_Races "wikilink") [Category: Races with Racial
Powerswing](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Powerswing "wikilink")
[Category: Races with Racial Corpse
Eating](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Corpse_Eating "wikilink") [Category:
Races with Racial Fly](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Fly "wikilink")
[Category: Races with Racial
Fog](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Fog "wikilink") [Category: Races with
Racial Bolt](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Bolt "wikilink") [Category:
Races with Racial Gust](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Gust "wikilink")
[Category:Biped](Category:Biped "wikilink")
