#### Getting Started

The best way to figure out how to edit pages is to look at some
examples. Go to a page you like and click edit, it will show you what
the editor had to type in to make that page. If you have something to
add, but aren't sure you completely understand all the editing features,
just do your best. If it doesn't fit some format that we're following we
can always change it. Poorly formatted information is better than no
information at all. Recently we created some
[Templates](:Category:Templates "wikilink") to make it easier to create
new pages. The idea is that you can quickly create a new page by copying
a [Template](:Category:Templates "wikilink") and filling in the blanks.
See [Templates](:Category:Templates "wikilink") for more information.

#### Creating A New Article

One thing that's very important to know is how to create a new article.
The best way to do this is to edit an existing page, link to the new
article that you want to create, and then follow that link. If you can't
think of any pages that would be appropriate to link to your new page,
don't worry, there's still two easy ways to create your article. The
first is to use the search box to search for your new article. If it
doesn't already exist you will be presented with a link to create your
new page. If you create a new article in this method, be sure to put it
in the appropriate [categories](Special:Categories "wikilink").

The other way to create a new page is to edit any page at all, create
the link to your new page, click "Show Preview", and then follow the
link to create your new page. Once you're done writing your new page you
don't need to permanently save the link you created on the original
page.

The reason why there isn't another way to create new pages is because if
you don't link the page from any existing pages nobody will be able to
get to it. The page becomes what the wiki calls an ["orphaned"
page](:Special:Lonelypages "wikilink"). Orphaned pages don't do anything
helpful and are not really a part ot the wiki. So in review, figure out
what page is going to bring people to your new page, make a link, follow
that link, add to the page, categorize the page. That should be the work
progression that everybody follows when making a new page.

#### Naming Pages

We have some simple guidelines in place for naming new pages. Omit any
articles ("the" "a" "an") at the beginning of a name. Also, capitalize
each word in a multi-word title. If you come across any pages that don't
follow this naming convention, feel free to move them to the proper name
by clicking the "move" button at the top of the page.

#### Categories

All areas, lists of gear or mobs, or other pages which logically
"contain" other pages should be created as categories. Category naming
follows the same rules as page naming, but use plural nouns when
appropriate. [:Category:Mobs In
Midgaard](:Category:Mobs_In_Midgaard "wikilink"), [:Category:Gear In
Apocalypse](:Category:Gear_In_Apocalypse "wikilink") and [:Category:Hero
Tank Gear](:Category:Hero_Tank_Gear "wikilink") are some example
categories.

To put a page in a category, put \[\[Category: blah\]\] anywhere on the
page (but preferably at the bottom). More specific categories are better
places to put new pages.

To link to a category page without making the page you're editing a part
of that category, do something like \[\[:Category:blah\]\] \<--that. The
important part is the colon ( : ) in front of the word Category.

If you think that having your link say "Category:" in front of it is
ugly, you can rename the link with a pipe ( \| ). For instance, by
typing \[\[:Category:Gear In Apocalypse\|Apoc Gear\]\] I've made this
link to the same page as the one linked above: [Apoc
Gear](:Category:Gear_In_Apocalypse "wikilink"). BTW, link renaming works
for all links, not just those to categories.

Recently I discovered a short-cut for renaming categories. If you type
in \[\[:Category:Gear In Apocalypse\|\]\] the wiki parser will
automatically figure out what you mean, and fill in the rest for you.
Here's what it looks like: [Gear In
Apocalypse](:Category:Gear_In_Apocalypse "wikilink")

#### Editing Secrets

Other than that we don't have any big secrets to making nice Wiki pages.
To edit a page, click on the edit link at the top of the page. From
there the Wiki software does a good job of explaining the editing
features. You can also use simple HTML to format a page if you'd like.
If you can't figure something out, try looking at
**ht<b></b>tp://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/Help:Editing.**

#### Your First Contribution

If starting a new page seems daunting there are pages that currently
exist but need fleshing out. Take a look at the
[Incomplete](:Category:Incomplete "wikilink") page for those that need a
bit more information.

#### Spoilers

If you are adding something which is a spoiler, but which you feel the
subject's author won't object to you revealing on the wiki, then you can
use the

<big>`<spoiler> My spoiler text. </spoiler>`</big> tags, which would
produce this:  
<spoiler>My spoiler text.</spoiler>

Or:

<big>`<spoiler text='Step 1: Seek the Tall Gnome.'>He can be found in Zin's Oddities. </spoiler>`  
</big> <spoiler text='Step 1: Seek the Tall Gnome.'>He can be found in
Zin's Oddities. </spoiler>

The tags will happily work inside a table, and text can precede the tag
to the left, but due to a hardcoded carriage return, cannot go on the
right side of it.

[Category: Wiki Stuff](Category:_Wiki_Stuff "wikilink")
