Crom, RETIRED Executive, "Been there, done that".

"I began playing Farside (Avatar initially was this game) in 1993. I
played for 2 years, became an Immortal and also the Area Coordinator.
The areas in those early days were tied together somewhat weblike with
no central hubs or real organization. Instead it was just a hodgepodge
approach with no world-theme. I redid all of that and it is still in
place.

After a few years as the area coordinator, I eventually was given Code
access in 1998. I was able to make some significant changes and
additions with the focus being on player-viewable modifications rather
than simply coding imm toys of dubious worth. During my tenure in this
position, I was elevated to Executive and began the process of adding
Trackies to the game. This allowed me to bypass the existing hiring
process and get a much-needed staff boost.

Ultimately, through a poor experience with Ubercon as well as constant
conflicts over development and staffing needs, I felt that the stress
was not worth continuing with my hobby. I still believe that we should
have been open-source, that we should never have promised Legend and
Ranger, and that players deserve to be twinky whenever possible.

If you have no idea who I am...read the help news files for my coding
contributions and read the area list for my area contributions. Many of
the AVATAR writing titles as well as Odin. I don't know if I contributed
a TON of stuff but I think I made a positive impact on the development
of the game. Some would say that I nerfed quite a bit of it, but you'd
have to make a list of everything I added compared to what I removed and
I think my record stands for itself."

See him as: Strider (still reading notes!)

[Category:Retired Immortals](Category:Retired_Immortals "wikilink")
