Alas, Death comes for us all. More than once. The first thing to
remember when this happens is: **Don't Panic!**

When your character dies, you end up naked as the day you were born,
sitting on a cloud somewhere above the world.

[Nom](Nom "wikilink") is directly down from you
[Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink") is to the east [Sol](Sol "wikilink") is
west.

You receive a ball of light upon death, so you aren't forced to wander
in the dark back to your corpse. Your corpse is left behind in the room
where you were killed, together with all of your equipment.

Your gold stays with you up to level 10, and then also remains in your
corpse upon death.

Following and groups are not affected by death, however any spells which
were affecting you are cancelled by death. Also, you will lose
experience points for dying. The amount you lose is roughly half-way
back to the beginning of your level, though
[Worship](Worship "wikilink") can have an affect.

**Corpses decay after time**, leaving your gear open for any who wander
into the room. As soon as that happens, that equipment is no longer
officially yours. The only exceptions are owned items, which other
players will not be able to save with. Again, Don't Panic! Player
corpses last roughly 15 minutes of real time. Only the player who died,
or an Immortal, can retrieve objects from a player's corpse. To retrieve
items from your own corpse, type 'get all <yourname>' or 'get all
pccorpse'.

If you are a new player here, there will be a spirit hovering above your
corpse to help you find it. It will be there as long as your corpse is,
and it provides light in the room, so you will be able to collect your
belongings.

Any items that Tul-Sith gives to you on death will only last a short
period of time - it exists only to get you back to your corpse. Once the
time period is up, the gear will be taken by an imp, right out of your
hands!

[Category: Gameplay](Category:_Gameplay "wikilink")
