''Ether is the magical property that connects a spell to its targets.
Ancient scholars delved into its secrets to discover ways to manipulate
this primal force to their advantage. All three Ether spells are
mutually exclusive; you can only be affected by one at a time, and all
three are exhausted upon casting any of them. Unlike chaos channel, the
Ether spells work the same regardless of spell level, combat, surge,
quicken, or other factors. These spells are lost to history, and cannot
be learned from any teacher.

''Ether Link makes it easier to channel spells to multiple targets. For
every target of an area attack spell beyond the first, you will receive
a refund of the original spell cost.

''Ether Warp distorts your connection to the Ether, making enemy area
attack spells miss you 50% of the time. Your own area attack spells will
miss 20% of their targets as well.

''While affected with Ether Crash, your next area attack spell costs
only half mana to cast, but afterwards you cannot use any area attack
spell for a short time.

## Comments

Wizards can gain Ether Link by reading the [
spellbook](:Category:Spellbooks "wikilink") [Rediscovering Ether, Book 1
In A 3 Part
Series](Rediscovering_Ether,_Book_1_In_A_3_Part_Series "wikilink").

Each ether spell is a self only spell that has a duration of around 12
ticks. When it is cast it exhausts [Ether Link](Ether_Link "wikilink"),
[Ether Crash](Ether_Crash "wikilink") and [Ether
Warp](Ether_Warp "wikilink") for 3 or 4 ticks.

Ether Link gives wizards a spell cost discount for using their area
spells against multiple foes. For each mob beyond the first, the wizard
receives a 3% discount off the original cost of the spell being cast.
For example, if a wizard is under the effect of Ether Link and casts a
meteor swarm against 6 mobs, then the spell will cost 15% less than
normal.

I have been testing out Ether Link to its full extent. At first, I felt
it was buggy, giving different discounts every run. After much testing,
I've come up with a simple formula for mana costs. For every person in
the group, you will recieve 3% mana off of the mana cost of an area
spell. Also, for every mob that gets hit, past the first, will give you
an additional 3% off of the original mana cost. Meaning this. Meteor
swarm may often be cheaper than maelstrom in lord groups. Quote from
Tabion's note

[Category:Lord Wizard Spells](Category:Lord_Wizard_Spells "wikilink")
