*Your character advances in power by gaining experience.
[Humans](Humans.md "wikilink") need 1000 experience points for each
[level](Level.md "wikilink") of experience. Other
[races](:Category:_Races.md "wikilink") need some percentage of 1000 exp
for each [level](Level.md "wikilink"), from 800 to 75000 exp points.*

*You gain experience by:*

` `[`killing`](Kill.md "wikilink")` a mob`  
` being part of a group that kills a mob`  
` healing other players (under certain circumstances, as a `[`Priest`](:Category:_Priests.md "wikilink")`)`

*You lose experience by:*

` `[`fleeing`](Flee.md "wikilink")` from combat`  
` `[`recalling`](Recall.md "wikilink")` out of combat`  
` being the target of certain spells`  
` dying`

*The experience you get from a kill depends on several things: how many
players are in your group; your [level](Level.md "wikilink") versus the
[level](Level.md "wikilink") of the monster; how many of this monster
have been killed lately; and some random variation.*

[Characters](:Category:_Characters.md "wikilink") may view their
experience points using their [score](Score.md "wikilink")
[command](:Category:_Commands.md "wikilink").

## Grouped experience point gains

When you're part of a group that kills a mob, the experience each group
member receives is reduced by a factor that depends on the
[tier](:Category:Tiers.md "wikilink") you are in and the size of your
group. If you are at [hero](:Category:Hero.md "wikilink") tier, having a
group member below sublevel 101 will provide the group with a lowhero
bonus. At sublevel 1 this bonus is 15% and this percentage decreases in
a linear fashion until the group member reaches sublevel 101, where it
disappears. A group can get a lowhero bonus of up to 45% from having
multiple sub-101 groupies.

A new group xp system is currently being tested that will roughly award
group xp as follows:

`Percentage of mob-base xp received by each groupie:`  
  
`group size . 1 . 2 . 3 . 4 . 5 . 6 . 7 . 8...12...20`  
`current. % 100. 60. 40. 30. 25. 20. 17. 15...10...6`  
`hero ... % 100. 86. 80. 75. 70. 60. 50. 40...10...5`  
`lord/eha % 100. 92. 85. 80. 77. 75. 73. 70...50...30`

These numbers are not 100% accurate. They have been adjusted somewhat,
because of a group versatility bonus that is being implemented at the
same time. This versatility bonus awards groups with varied classes by
increasing the gained xp based on the category in which the class
belongs (melee, caster, healer, stabber - *this is not necessarily the
way they're categorised and one class can be in multiple categories at
the same time*).

See also [Racial TNL](Racial_TNL.md "wikilink") and
[TNL](TNL.md "wikilink").

[Category: Characters](Category:_Characters "wikilink") [Category:
Points](Category:_Points "wikilink")
