*Razor sharp adamantine darts lie here, spread neatly into a fan.*

`It weighs approximately 2 lbs.`  
`This item appears meant to be wielded as a weapon.`  
`This item has a minor ward.`  
`It does 41 to 66 points of damage.`  
`It will return when thrown, if it missess.`  
`It would make a poor melee weapon.`  
`It can hit more than one opponent.`  
`It cannot be caught.`

**Keyword(s):** adamantine darts fan.  
**[Level(s)](Object_Level.md "wikilink"):** 51.  
**[Type](:Category:_Object_Types.md "wikilink"):** [throwing
weapon](:Category:Throwing_Weapons.md "wikilink").  
**[Slot(s)](Object_Slots.md "wikilink"):** <wielded>.  
**[Quality](Object_Quality.md "wikilink"):** 40 hps.  
**[Weight](Object_Weight.md "wikilink"):** 2 lbs.  
**[Flag(s)](:Category:_Object_Flags.md "wikilink"):** magic reinforced
fire-ward.  

## Comments

Carried by [Ferromancer Cindris](Ferromancer_Cindris "wikilink"), who is
guarded by a [Fire Giant Myrmidon](Fire_Giant_Myrmidon "wikilink").
Cindris likes to cast flash and is worth about 1000 xp solo after a
reboot. You don't necessarily have to kill him to get this item -- he
likes to throw it during combat and it stays on the ground after it
hits.

You need to target an individual mob with this to open combat, but if
there are other mobs not fighting you in the room it will sometimes, but
not always, hit them as well. If all mobs are already fighting you you
can just throw it without a target and it will try and hit them all.

Also sometimes it seems to hit a mob (since it drops to the ground
instead of returning) but it shows no damage.

## Directions

[Category: Gear In Forge](Category:_Gear_In_Forge "wikilink") [Category:
Throwing Weapons](Category:_Throwing_Weapons "wikilink") [Category: Hero
Melee Weapons](Category:_Hero_Melee_Weapons "wikilink") [Category: Earth
Damage Weapons](Category:_Earth_Damage_Weapons "wikilink")
