*Fetch is a [telekinetic
spell](:Category:_Telekinetic_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink") that forms a
magical lasso which can carry small, inanimate
[objects](:Category:_Objects "wikilink") to the caster, sometimes from
several [rooms](:Category:_Rooms "wikilink") away. However, you can only
fetch [items](:Category:_Objects "wikilink") that are within the same
[area](:Category:_Areas "wikilink"), and under a certain
[weight](Object_Weight "wikilink"). There are also certain magical
properties of [room](:Category:_Rooms "wikilink") and
[object](:Category:_Objects "wikilink") that may help, hinder or
outright prevent a fetch attempt. Be as specific as possible with the
argument of this [spell](:Category:_Spells "wikilink"). Use full words
instead of abbreviations, and use more than one keyword for the
[item](:Category:_Objects "wikilink") if possible. This will help to
avoid mix-ups.*

Prerequisite(s): none.

Syntax: [cast](Cast "wikilink") 'fetch'
\<[object](:Category:_Objects "wikilink")\>.

[Category: Skills And Spells](Category:_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Spells](Category:_Spells "wikilink") [Category: Psionic
Spells](Category:_Psionic_Spells "wikilink") [Category: Psionicist Hero
Skills And
Spells](Category:_Psionicist_Hero_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Psionicist Class
Definers](Category:_Psionicist_Class_Definers "wikilink")
