*A Fire Giant's primary focus is the destruction of their foes. They
seem to have little regard for their own safety or well-being. When
they're not raiding the villages of the countryside, Fire Giants can
most often be found within the cracks of volcanic mountains. Fire Giants
generally have bright orange hair. On some individuals, it is so bright
that it appears to be made of fire instead of ordinary hair.*

*All Fire Giants emit a natural glow that eliminates the need for a
traditional light source. When provoked in combat, Fire Giants have been
known to ignite their foes, taking great pleasure in watching them burn.
Fire Giants also have the capability to set their own blood alight. This
dramatically increases their ferocity in combat.*

*Despite the fact that they are substandard spellcasters, Fire Giants
perform admirably when working with fire magic.*

Fire Giants have three main racial commands that set them apart. They
are [Glow](Racial_Glow "wikilink"), [Ignite](Racial_Ignite "wikilink"),
and [Burning Blood](Racial_Burning_Blood "wikilink").

[Category: Races](Category:_Races "wikilink") [Category: Quest
Races](Category:_Quest_Races "wikilink") [Category: Greater
Races](Category:_Greater_Races "wikilink") [Category:Elemental Giant
Races](Category:Elemental_Giant_Races "wikilink") [Category: Races with
Racial Powerswing](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Powerswing "wikilink")
[Category: Races with Racial Corpse
Eating](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Corpse_Eating "wikilink") [Category:
Races with Racial Glow](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Glow "wikilink")
[Category: Races with Racial
Ignite](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Ignite "wikilink") [Category: Races
with Racial Burning
Blood](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Burning_Blood "wikilink")
[Category:Biped](Category:Biped "wikilink")
