*With knowledge comes power and with power come nice ways to make things
go your way. One is the perfect little flash which when timed well can
[blind](Blindness "wikilink") everyone in the
[room](:Category:_Rooms "wikilink"). This leaves you free to do some
serious blood letting and soul wrenching without prying eyes.*

Prerequisite(s): [Blindness](Blindness "wikilink").

Syntax: [cast](Cast "wikilink") 'flash'.

This spell has a low (5%?) chance to [blind](Blindness "wikilink") mobs
that aren't already attacking the caster.

If this spell is cast on mobs that are already attacking the caster it
is guaranteed to blind them. One way to ensure that this happens is to
[Quicken](Quicken "wikilink") 9 and cast [Burning
Hands](Burning_Hands "wikilink") before casting Flash. If there's only
one mob that you'd like to Flash, [Quicken](Quicken "wikilink") 9
[Fear](Fear "wikilink") is a good way to start the fight. Or just attack
the mob with the kill command, which has the least lag of any method of
starting a fight.

Note that [Wizards](:Category:Wizards "wikilink") learn this spell
through a [Spellbook](:Category:Spellbooks "wikilink"), and that is it
out-of-class, and therefore has double the lag of a
[Sorcerer's](:Category:Sorcerers "wikilink") Flash.

[Category: Skills And Spells](Category:_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Spells](Category:_Spells "wikilink") [Category: Area
Spells](Category:_Area_Spells "wikilink") [Category: Sorcerer Lowmort
Skills And
Spells](Category:_Sorcerer_Lowmort_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Wizard Hero Skills And
Spells](Category:_Wizard_Hero_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
