[Objects](:Category:_Objects.md "wikilink") of this
[type](:Category:_Object_Types.md "wikilink") are practically always
permanent fixtures of [areas](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") that
[characters](:Category:_Characters.md "wikilink") may not [pick
up](Get.md "wikilink") (exception: Immortals can bypass the no-take
flags on these and other items, like portals). Fountains were more
useful in days of yore when Avatar's
[characters](:Category:_Characters.md "wikilink") could suffer from
hunger and thirst. Certain fountains remain useful, however, as
fountains can do more than just provide a steady source of one of many
[types](Drink_Container_Values.md "wikilink") of liquid refreshment. A
given fountain may or may not also do one of the following whenever a
[character](:Category:_Characters.md "wikilink")
[drinks](Drink.md "wikilink") from it: (1) [cast](Cast.md "wikilink") a
predictable [spell](:Category:_Spells.md "wikilink") on this
[character](:Category:_Characters.md "wikilink") (or possibly one of two
different [spells](:Category:_Spells.md "wikilink") dependent upon this
drinker's [alignment](Alignment.md "wikilink")), (2)
[poison](Poison_(spell).md "wikilink") this
[character](:Category:_Characters.md "wikilink"), (3) instantly
transport this [character](:Category:_Characters.md "wikilink") to a
certain other [room](:Category:_Rooms.md "wikilink"), and (4) disappear
(until its [area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink") repops) while a
certain [mob](:Category:_Mobs.md "wikilink") appears in its place. Each
fountain's individual qualities are determined by its
[type](:Category:_Object_Types.md "wikilink")-specific
[values](:Category:_Object_Values.md "wikilink").

[Category: Object Types](Category:_Object_Types "wikilink")
