*Frost Giants originally hail from the Frozen North. Their eyes have a
special adaptation that allows them to make out subtle details that
others would miss in their snow-covered world. Most Frost Giants have
icy-blue eyes and stark white hair. While not as murderous as Fire
Giants, Frost Giants are still not above raiding & pillaging when the
need arises.*

*Frost Giants have the ability to summon an aura of frost to protect
themselves and their party from fire damage. They can also focus the
frost into a damaging beam. This damages a foe and potentially slows
them down. Because they are accustomed to walking on ice and snow, Frost
Giants are more difficult to knock down than members of other races.*

*Despite the fact that they are substandard spellcasters, Frost Giants
perform admirably when working with cold or water magic.*

Information on the Quest to become a Frost giant can be found on the
page for Water Realm in the Lord Areas.

Frost Giants have three main racial commands that set them apart. They
are [Frost Aura](Racial_Frostaura "wikilink"), [Frost
strike](Racial_Frost_Strike "wikilink"), and
[Surefoot](Racial_Surefoot "wikilink").

[Category: Races](Category:_Races "wikilink") [Category: Quest
Races](Category:_Quest_Races "wikilink") [Category: Greater
Races](Category:_Greater_Races "wikilink") [Category:Elemental Giant
Races](Category:Elemental_Giant_Races "wikilink") [Category: Races with
Racial Powerswing](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Powerswing "wikilink")
[Category: Races with Racial Corpse
Eating](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Corpse_Eating "wikilink") [Category:
Races with Racial
Frostaura](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Frostaura "wikilink") [Category:
Races with Racial Frost
Strike](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Frost_Strike "wikilink") [Category:
Races with Racial
Surefoot](Category:_Races_with_Racial_Surefoot "wikilink")
[Category:Biped](Category:Biped "wikilink")
