*Fury of the Mind allows a [Psi](:Category:_Psionicists.md "wikilink")
to participate in the anger of its allies, without becoming enraged
themselves. While attuned to the minds of their companions in this way,
the [Psi](:Category:_Psionicists.md "wikilink") can utilize that rage to
increase the damage inflicted when casting a
[kinetic](:Category:_Telekinetic_Skills_And_Spells.md "wikilink") damage
[spell](:Category:_Spells.md "wikilink") like [weapon
rush](Weapon_Rush.md "wikilink") or [dancing
weapon](Dancing_Weapon.md "wikilink"). While there is a limit to the
anger that the [Psi](:Category:_Psionicists.md "wikilink") can control
in this way, up to that limit the power of the
[Psi](:Category:_Psionicists.md "wikilink")'s attacks will increase in
accordance with the strength of the [frenzies](Frenzy.md "wikilink")
filling their allies. Fury of the Mind requires the
[Psionicist](:Category:_Psionicists.md "wikilink") to keep their
emotional balance. Being in a [frenzied](Frenzy.md "wikilink") state
themselves will make it impossible to attune to the angers of the allies
in the required way, or even break the link.*

Prerequisite(s): [Anger Management](Anger_Management.md "wikilink"),
[Bio Empathy](Bio_Empathy.md "wikilink").

Syntax: [cast](Cast.md "wikilink") 'fury of the mind'.

[Category: Skills And Spells](Category:_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Spells](Category:_Spells "wikilink") [Category: Psionic
Spells](Category:_Psionic_Spells "wikilink") [Category: Telekinetic
Skills And Spells](Category:_Telekinetic_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Psionicist Hero Skills And
Spells](Category:_Psionicist_Hero_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Psionicist Class
Definers](Category:_Psionicist_Class_Definers "wikilink") [Category:
Skills And Spells That Buff
Characters](Category:_Skills_And_Spells_That_Buff_Characters "wikilink")
