Welcome to Avatar, Good Traveler! If you're feeling anything at all like
I felt when I first found this wonderful addiction, your head is
probably spinning and you haven't a clue where to start. Don't worry,
you're not alone. The realms are constantly evolving, and there is
always something new to learn. My goal in writing this is to provide a
quick, simple reference to a lot of little tidbits people wished they
knew when they started playing here.

As a new player, there are a few basic rules to keep in mind:

1\) This is a family mud. Foul and abusing language will not be
tolerated on public channels

2\) Player killing is not allowed, and kill stealing is very frowned
upon.

3\) Harassment of any kind is not tolerated

4\) Cheating in any form will be dealt with severely (See also:
[Loopholes](Loopholes "wikilink"))

They are pretty much common sense. Be kind and respectful, make
friends...that sort of thing.

I strongly suggest that as you begin to feel your way around, you ask
lots of questions. Use nchat often. Be vocal. There is a very large and
helpful community of players here, with many different points of view.
Don't be afraid to ask for opinions or help and try different methods.
Also, I feel it is very important to learn *how* to do something instead
of asking to have it done for you. It will pay off in the long run.

The commands are very intuitive once you get the hang of things, and the
help files are very extensive. However, if you are new to mudding
altogether, or feel overwhelmed by the sheer number of commands, the
value of the Mudschool cannot be overstated. It will take about 10-15
minutes to walk through the most basic commands and how to begin your
adventuring days.

## Choosing a character

You can create an unlimited number of characters to see for yourself how
they perform, but here is a very quick rundown of play styles. For some
recommended starting Race/Class options, check out the [New Character
Guide](New_Character_Guide "wikilink").

#### I want to tank!

*I want to be at the front, leading the way, and trying to shield my
group from the majority of the damage thrown at it!*

[Warriors](:Category:Warriors.md "wikilink"),
[Rogues](:Category:Rogues.md "wikilink"), and
[Monks](:Category:Monks.md "wikilink") are all classic tanks. Warriors
have a high pool of hit points and defensive skills like
[parry](Parry.md "wikilink"), [shield
block](Shield_Block.md "wikilink"), and [rescue](Rescue.md "wikilink").
Rogues have fewer hit points, but have powerful sneak attacks that deal
high amounts of damage and can sometimes cripple foes. They also have
access to [dodge](Dodge.md "wikilink") and [parry](Parry.md "wikilink").
Monks fight unarmed and also have [rescue](Rescue.md "wikilink"),
[dodge](Dodge.md "wikilink"), as well as their own set of parries and
counters. Due to their counters, Monks also hit hardest when tanking.
Try [tanking in hit gear](Tanking_In_Hit_Gear.md "wikilink") if you
dare!

#### I want to hit!

*I want to take advantage of the cover of a tank to cause damage to my
enemies!*

[Warriors](:Category:Warriors.md "wikilink") and
[Archers](:Category:Archers.md "wikilink") are the basic physical
hitters. Warriors have access to the most attacks of any class, as well
as [Bash](Bash "wikilink") and [Trip](Trip "wikilink"), two skills that
make enemies more vulnerable. Archers simply do a whole lot of damage in
a single hit... and that's about it. Their only caveat is that they
can't be in direct combat (tanking) in order to do the most damage.
[Rogues](:Category:Rogues.md "wikilink") can be hitters, but they don't
perform very well in that role until much higher levels (you will be a
Hero by then), so a starting character shouldn't chose them *just* for
hitting.

On the magic side, [Mages](:Category:Mages.md "wikilink") and
[Psionicists](:Category:Psionicists.md "wikilink") both deal damage
throgh spells, limited by their mana. Mages learn damage spells, as well
as a handy skill called [Surge](Surge "wikilink") that boosts your spell
damage up to a factor of 5. (Be sure to use the SPELL command to check
your spell costs before casting a surged spell!) Psions learn kinetic
damage spells that can't be surged like Mages' spells can, but they
generally do more damage and cost less mana to cast.

#### I want to heal!

[Clerics](:Category:Clerics.md "wikilink") are the primary healers. They
learn very potent healing spells, which are limited by mana.

Also, all spellcasters learn [Arcane
Knowledge](Arcane_Knowledge "wikilink") and [Read
Magic](Read_Magic "wikilink"), which will allow them to use staves and
scrolls. Many such items cast healing spells, but their uses are limited
and they take twice as long to cast than a cleric's healing spell.
Nevertheless, a brandishing Mage or Psion is often all a group needs to
survive. (N.B. Clerics can also use these items to augment their own
abilities.)

#### I want to just be really useful!

All classes have some sort of utility they can bring to the table. In
combat, [Warriors](:Category:Warriors.md "wikilink") and
[Rogues](:Category:Rogues.md "wikilink") can
[disarm](Disarm.md "wikilink") enemies, while
[Mages](:Category:Mages.md "wikilink"),
[Clerics](:Category:Clerics.md "wikilink"), and
[Psions](:Category:Psionicists.md "wikilink") have a number of useful
debuffs (at lower levels, [Blindness](Blindness "wikilink") is quite
useful). Psions in particular have debuffs that no other class can
replicate, including [Overconfidence](Overconfidence "wikilink") and
[Deception](Deception "wikilink") (which is like a disarm with a much
higher success rate).

When just moving around, Mages and Clerics can open
[portals](Portal.md "wikilink") that the entire group can use, while
Rogues can [pick locks](Pick_Lock.md "wikilink") off of doors and
Warriors can [bash them down](Bashdoor.md "wikilink") altogether.

All manner of spellcasters can use scrolls and wands to cast spells they
don't learn themselves, and of course they have their own unique set of
useful buffing spells.

## Starting out

To begin with, type *score* to see all kinds of helpful information
about yourself. The first thing you're going to want to do is to train
your [Wisdom](Wisdom "wikilink"). Wisdom determines how many practice
points you will receive at each level. Second to wisdom,
[Intelligence](Intelligence "wikilink") and
[Constitution](Constitution "wikilink") are also very important.
Intelligence determines the amount of mana you will receive per level,
and also determines how effectively you are able to use [Practice
Points](Practice_Points "wikilink") to learn your class skills. It is a
common practice to train up these three stats as fast as possible before
focusing on learning a lot of skills.

## Gathering Gear

By now, you're also probably wanting to fix that whole naked thing and
start finding some good gear! If you completed Mudschool, then you got a
lot of very basic gear to start you out. Otherwise, you can find pretty
much the same gear inside the Tree of Knowledge next to
[Nom](Nom "wikilink"). There are a few helpfiles you might want to check
out. **Help [Level Gear](:Category:Level_Gear.md "wikilink")** will show
you a list of nice stat boosting equipment you might want to track down,
and **Help [Meadow](:Category:Meadow.md "wikilink")** will show you
simple, ascii-based map of good areas to start killing things in, most
of which will contain some of the aforementioned gear. This Wiki also
has gear lists, including a **[Level 1-10 Gear
List](:Category:Lowmort_1-10_Gear.md "wikilink")**.

Keep in mind that you can wear items up to 3 levels higher than your
current level, and use weapons (main and offhand) up to 5 levels higher
than your current level.

## Healers

[Nom](Nom "wikilink") will be your healer and default
[Recall](Recall "wikilink") until level 4. This is a good place to buy
candles (along with the nearby [Jim the Peddler](Jim.md "wikilink")) and
other basic supplies. It is conveniently located in the center of the
Meadow.

[Sol](Sol "wikilink") will be your healer and default
[Recall](Recall "wikilink") until level 14. He is located in the center
of [Stonehall](:Category:Stonehall.md "wikilink"), near many other
useful services, such as a bank, [Carl](Carl "wikilink") the trainer, an
ent who will identify items for you for free until level 10, maps, and a
safe place to rest. It is one of the first steps out into the wide world
as you outgrow the Meadow.

[Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink") is the healer and default
[Recall](Recall "wikilink") after level 14. Aelmon is located in the
middle of the city of [Midgaard](:Category:Midgaard.md "wikilink"). The
large city is central to the continent, and provides many services
nearby, as well as faster access to many areas.

At any of the three healers, you can type **list** to see any items they
may have for sale, or **heal** for a list of their services. All three
will cast healing spells, [cure poisons](Cure_Poison.md "wikilink") and
[diseases](Cure_Disease.md "wikilink"), and [remove
curses](Remove_Curse.md "wikilink") from you. For a price.

## Sanctum

[Sanctum](:Category:Sanctum.md "wikilink") is a very popular social hub
of Avatar. In Sanctum, there is a [donation
room](AVATAR's_Donation_Room_(Sanctum).md "wikilink") to possibly find
some gear, an
[infirmary](AVATAR's_Sanctum_Infirmary_(Sanctum).md "wikilink") which is
a healing and recovery room, as well as the location of many
[Spellbots](Spellbots "wikilink"). Many groups form in here and prepare
themselves for battle. Gear gets sorted out, items traded, and many
strange conversations happen in a safe place to sit idly and talk with
friends. It is also a nice place to trade equipment between different
alts, since multiplaying is not allowed (except on special occasions).

## Exploration

As you gain in levels, you will find yourself outgrowing areas you once
hunted to extinction and watch your xp begin to dwindle. Exploring is
key! There are hundreds of areas in Avatar, scattered and tucked away
everywhere. The world is vast. Two vital tools to your exploration are
the [Areas](Areas "wikilink") command and the [Where](Where "wikilink")
command. They will give you ideas on places to look for and tell you
when you are in an area you don't need to be just yet. Don't forget to
set your [Recall](Recall "wikilink") as you wander about!

There is a tour guide in [Stonehall](:Category:Stonehall.md "wikilink")
northwest of Sol that will take you around to many areas (levels 5-25)
for a nominal fee. He gives tips on how to find the areas as he takes
you there. This is an excellent tool for at least getting an idea of
where you should start looking around if you are feeling overwhelmed.
There is a higher level version northwest of Aelmon for areas 20-50.

## [Death](Death "wikilink")

It's a part of getting bigger. Some days it's more common part than
others. You will need to retrieve your corpse when it does. There are
many ways to do this. Setting your recall often will provide you a fast
way to get back to your body. However, there are a few instances that
this is not possible. In that case,
[Speedwalking](Speedwalking "wikilink") and/or creating an
[Alias](Alias "wikilink") are common do-it-yourself solutions to getting
back all that precious gear you've collected. They work well for areas
with [aggie mobs](Aggressive_Mobs.md "wikilink") and [cursed
rooms](Cursed_Rooms.md "wikilink") that don't allow you to set your
[recall](Recall.md "wikilink"). If you feel like you may need some extra
time to get back to where you just died, you can always try asking
somebody to [embalm](embalm "wikilink") your corpse for you. If you've
tried and just can't quite make it, or can't even find your resting
place to begin with, you can always ask for some assistance on nchat.
Keep in mind that nobody is under an obligation to help you, and polling
for help repeatedly is rather frowned upon by most players.

## As You Grow

As you gain in levels, more and more commands will become available to
you, the information you see will expand, and the world becomes a richer
and deeper place.

Level 1: Nchat channel available

Level 2: Your character saves!

Level 3: Chat channel becomes available

Level 10: You can see a numeric value for your alignment on your
[Score](Score "wikilink")

Level 10: You may freely [worship](worship "wikilink") any of the gods
available and learn how they affect you

Level 19: This is the last level unworshipping is free, starting at 20
it will cost you practices

Level 23: Movement costs start to increase. They will continue to
increase as you progress in levels.

Level 25: [Herothank](Herothank "wikilink") becomes available to you

Level 25: If you have practiced [Magic Lore](Magic_Lore "wikilink") you
should be able to see the duration of spells cast on you. Without [Magic
Lore](Magic_Lore "wikilink"), you will see a general message of how long
your spells will last.

Level 35: You can set the room [entrance](setmin.md "wikilink") and
[exit](setmout.md "wikilink") messages

Level 51: Welcome to [Hero](:Category:Hero.md "wikilink")!

## Developing a character

Now that you're getting a bit bigger, perhaps you want to develop and
express a persona for your character. A
[description](description "wikilink") will create a blurb about yourself
for others to read when they look at you.
[Playerinfo](Playerinfo "wikilink") is a less obtrusive way to sharing
stories, laughter, brag about stats, whatever you want it to be.
Eventually, you can customize the message people see as you enter and
exit a room. While role-playing is not enforced, it is always
encouraged, for your enjoyment and the entertainment of those you meet.
[Socials](Socials "wikilink") are nice quick commands that add a bit of
depth and humor to your interactions with people (and mobs!).
[Title](Title "wikilink") is another command you can use to describe
yourself, or even create a surname.

[Category:Gameplay](Category:Gameplay "wikilink")
