*This is a short story that [Waite](User:Waite.md "wikilink") wrote
about the [Laboratory Of
Chalmus](:Category:Laboratory_Of_Chalmus.md "wikilink"). It was
published in the gazette 4/18/2006.*

One night we find [Chalmus the
alchemist](Chalmus_The_Alchemist.md "wikilink") locked away in his
laboratory. As usual he is performing experiments with his new
fascination: [a strange stone](Small_Grey_Stone.md "wikilink") that he
bought from a band of gypsies. Despite all the wonderful results he has
had with it so far, Chalmus still doesn't completely grasp how the stone
reacts to alchemy. One thing he has learned is that scanning the aura of
the stone enhances its alchemic powers. It also fills the room with a
pleasant purple glow.

And so Chalmus' latest experiment has a very familiar beginning. He
performs the next step of his spell, and the stone's purple glow fades
to a deep blood red. Chalmus casts magical wards around him to undo any
accidental affect, but to no avail. Three large, winged demons burst
through the door. They pick up Chalmus and lay him flat on his back,
atop the table. The largest one growls, "Let's see how you like it when
we experiment on YOU!" Suddenly all three demons stab their sharp,
twisted claws into his abdomen.

Chalmus sits up suddenly and gasps for breath. He finds himself in his
bed, covered with sweat. Habitually he reaches to insure that his prized
stone is still beneath his pillow. Feeling its familiar warmth, he
breathes a sigh of relief.

The fact that this is Chalmus' third nightmare in as many days troubles
him. He begins to worry that his mind is not as clear as it was in his
younger days. "Don't worry old sport," he tells himself. "You're only
troubled because you don't understand it. More research will make
everything clear." Thus the alchemist resolves to get back to work. But
not before breakfast.

Chalmus heads down to the kitchen to prepare his morning meal. As he
reaches to fetch an egg it dodges his grasp. Again he tries to capture
the egg and again it eludes him. "How did this come to be?" the good
magician wonders. "Did I inadvertently create this magical affect? Is
[my apprentice](Simon_MacAlvay.md "wikilink") playing a prank on me? Or
is it the work of that stone?"

While pondering this latest mystery, Chalmus nonchalantly blasts the
shifty egg with magical energy. It emits a high-pitched squeal and pops,
scattering bits of shell all over the kitchen. "I must remember to pay
[Marcy](Maid_Marcy.md "wikilink") a bit extra this month," he tells
himself. "It seems that I'm becoming quite the slob lately." Chalmus
scoops the egg off the counter and quickly devours it. Once he is
finished he heads straight for the laboratory, not stopping to change
[his robe](Robe_Of_Chalmus.md "wikilink") or tend to his hygeine.

On his way to the lab Chalmus encounters his only pupil, Simon MacAlvay.
He addresses his apprentice. "MacAlvay my lad, how are you this fine
morning? If it's not too much trouble, could you run out and fetch me
some more greenish-grey mushrooms? They've been most helpful in my
experiments, and I'm afraid that I'm fresh out."

But some troubling thoughts have been brewing in young Simon's mind
lately, and he doesn't feel like picking toadstools this morning. He
says to his teacher, "Honestly master, you never teach me any new
lessons anymore. All I do is fetch reagents while you lock yourself up
tinkering with that stone. Why won't you let me help you work with it
and discover its secrets?"

Chalmus sees that his recent behavior has hurt his apprentice. Speaking
calmly he defends his actions. "I understand your frustrations and I
promise to pay more attention to you soon. I fear that if you experiment
with the stone you will come to doubt some of the truths that I've shown
you. For the time being focus on mastering the lessons that I've already
taught you. As soon as I've unraveled the mysteries of this stone I'll
resume sharing my knowledge with you."

Simon knows that his plea has done little to change his tutor's
behavior, but for the time being he will let the issue drop. "Yes,
master," he says meekly, as he makes his way out. Later on, in a
secluded glen, Simon MacAlvay thinks to himself, "Chalmus is worried
that I'll become more powerful than him. I'm not going to let him limit
my potential". He then pulls a small rat skull out of his pocket and
begins to meditate.

**\* \* \* \* \***

Some time later Chalmus is working with his stone as usual, when he has
a sudden realization. He hasn't made a shipment to Midgaard in weeks.
Fearing that he will no longer be able to pay his faithful staff, he
quits his current project. He puts the stone away in his robe and begins
to focus on some less stimulating work.

He's halfway done creating a batch of [crimson
fluid](Shot_Of_Crimson_Fluid.md "wikilink") when a minor incantation
fizzles. Annoyed, Chalmus sharpens his focus and repeats the step.
Instead of fixing the mistake his efforts exacerbate it, and the crimson
fluid becomes a dull brown. Feeling flustered Chalmus reaches for the
reassuring warmth of his stone. To his shock he notices that it's
vanished. He jumps with a start when he hears something moving on the
floor.

Looking down Chalmus sees a rat skull rolling around in circles on the
floor. He can't do anything but stare as it grows in size and rises up
into the air. It's only when the skull opens its jaws and rushes toward
him that Chalmus snaps back to life. Chalmus skillfully casts spells to
disenchant whatever evil magic is at work within the skull, but to his
horror he realizes that his efforts have failed. He has no choice but to
cower as the skull repeatedly sinks its teeth into his flesh.

Once again Chalmus awakes from a nightmare in a cold sweat. "I guess
that makes four nights in a row," he grumbles. He reaches behind his
pillow and is comforted when he feels the warmth emanating from his
stone. But then he feels something else back there. He pulls it out into
view, and gasps with astonishment when he realizes that he holds the
skull of a rat. It is only then that he notices the bite marks that
cover his arms and hands.

**\* \* \* \* \***

The laboratory is filled with a faint purple glow as Chalmus begins yet
another experiment. But to Chalmus it's not quite the right color purple
this time. "Perhaps today isn't the right day to work on this," he says.

Instead he turns his concentration to a golden plate that hangs on the
wall. The ancient disc is enscribed with Chalmus' family lineage and
history. He carefully takes it down from the wall and places it on the
table.

Focusing intently, Chalmus balances the plate on a puff of air, so that
it hovers in the middle of the room. Chalmus continues to concentrate
upon the plate, causing it to resonate as he pours more and more magical
energy into it. Abruptly the plate explodes, sending shards of hot metal
through the air. They shatter his beakers and tear his scrolls. They
pierce his clothing and sink into his body.

He stands there, bleeding and cackling, transmuting anything and
everything as it pleases his whimsy. He pauses for a moment and screams
to himself, "This doesn't matter. Nothing matters. Life is but a dream.
It's time to have some fun."

The poor assistants that Chalmus employs hide themselves away in fear.
Meanwhile, Simon MacAlvay sits alone in his chambers, thinking to
himself, "it seems to be working...things finally seem to be going my
way."

[Category:Laboratory Of
Chalmus](Category:Laboratory_Of_Chalmus "wikilink")
