*While the purpose of this grand meeting of dragons - one that has been
taking place on the top of Dragon's Peak - is incomprehensible to
mortals, many adventurers made an effort to climb the mountain and view
the collective magnificence of the greatest of dragons, sitting perched
on huge shafts of stone and basking in their glory and awesomeness. For
over a decade.*

*Eventually, some of these adventurers have begun wondering, are these
dragons actually doing anything, or simply killing time? Later in
taverns gossip can be heard; "Perhaps they are waiting on something, or
what if they are stuck in their ritual and need help?"*

*Bards of dubious quality began writing rhyme-less prose;*

`   "Oh, What rewards would the great dragons award?`  
`      To the mortal who assists them?`  
`    Surely riches beyond count?`  
`      Or life eternal?"`

*Even some Lords that occasionally pass over the Peak have been heard
commenting, "Why, I never heard of a threnody lag so long", and
dismissed the dragons' ritual as something utterly amiss.*

*On the other hand, more reasonable village folk living around Icewolf,
in the foothills of Dragon's Peak, strongly advise staying well clear,
of both the dragons and their purpose.*

This quest is open to all heroes. Once completed, it awards the
[Smoldering Embers of
White](Smoldering_Embers_Of_White_Insignia.md "wikilink") insignia.

Heroes may wish to complete this quest before they reach the superhero
status as the award will be somewhat (but not significantly) higher.

**Note**: This quest, while originally indicated for soloing, is not
easy for most heroes to solo. It will require visits to multiple mobs,
some of which eat corpses, stomp or are in rooms with 4-6 mobs. It will
also require a trip to [Eragora](:Category:Eragora.md "wikilink").

This quest cannot be completed by
[Viziers](:Category:Viziers.md "wikilink") because one portion requires
wielding a particular weapon. But it seems you could do it between hero
1-101 as a cleric, and then prestige (testing is required).

[Category:Quests In Summoning](Category:Quests_In_Summoning "wikilink")
[Category:Insignia Quests](Category:Insignia_Quests "wikilink")
[Category: Hero Quests](Category:_Hero_Quests "wikilink")
