*After many hours of battles and experience, you will eventually gain
the ability to see your hitroll and [damroll](Damage_Roll "wikilink").
Your hitroll is the bonus given above and beyond the random number
generated by the Mud. This involves your chances of hitting your enemy.
Without a high hitroll, you are doomed to miss often. Many pieces of
magical [equipment](:Category:_Gear "wikilink") around [provide you with
special hitroll bonuses](:Category:_Archer_Gear "wikilink");
[identify](Identify_(spell) "wikilink") everything!*

[Characters](:Category:_Characters "wikilink") may view their hit roll
using their [score](Score "wikilink")
[command](:Category:_Commands "wikilink").

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## In Game Use

HR is the one a few of the stats that determine how much damage an
[archer](:Category:Archers "wikilink") does, the others being the
[min-avg-max damage](Missile_Weapon_Values "wikilink") of their
[bow](:Category:Missile_Weapons "wikilink") and their race's archery
modifier. [DR](Damage_Roll "wikilink") does nothing for missile weapon
damage.

HR doesn't modify the amount of damage done by ordinary (non-missile)
attacks, but it does raise the probability of attacks successfully
hitting an opponent. Most [hero](:Category:Hero "wikilink")
[warriors](:Category:Warriors "wikilink") feel that their HR is "good
enough" in full [hitter gear](:Category:Hero_Hit_Gear "wikilink"), and
instead choose to focus on raising their [DR](Damage_Roll "wikilink") as
much as possible. This strategy may not work as well if you're utilizing
weapons that [double hit](Double_Hit "wikilink"). More attacks means
more chances to miss, which means that you have more of a use for a
higher HR bonus.

[Category: Characters](Category:_Characters "wikilink")
