*After many hours of battles and experience, you will eventually gain
the ability to see your hitroll and
[damroll](Damage_Roll.md "wikilink"). Your hitroll is the bonus given
above and beyond the random number generated by the Mud. This involves
your chances of hitting your enemy. Without a high hitroll, you are
doomed to miss often. Many pieces of magical
[equipment](:Category:_Gear.md "wikilink") around [provide you with
special hitroll bonuses](:Category:_Archer_Gear.md "wikilink");
[identify](Identify_(spell).md "wikilink") everything!*

[Characters](:Category:_Characters.md "wikilink") may view their hit
roll using their [score](Score.md "wikilink")
[command](:Category:_Commands.md "wikilink").

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## In Game Use

HR is the one a few of the stats that determine how much damage an
[archer](:Category:Archers.md "wikilink") does, the others being the
[min-avg-max damage](Missile_Weapon_Values.md "wikilink") of their
[bow](:Category:Missile_Weapons.md "wikilink") and their race's archery
modifier. [DR](Damage_Roll.md "wikilink") does nothing for missile
weapon damage.

HR doesn't modify the amount of damage done by ordinary (non-missile)
attacks, but it does raise the probability of attacks successfully
hitting an opponent. Most [hero](:Category:Hero.md "wikilink")
[warriors](:Category:Warriors.md "wikilink") feel that their HR is "good
enough" in full [hitter gear](:Category:Hero_Hit_Gear.md "wikilink"),
and instead choose to focus on raising their
[DR](Damage_Roll.md "wikilink") as much as possible. This strategy may
not work as well if you're utilizing weapons that [double
hit](Double_Hit.md "wikilink"). More attacks means more chances to miss,
which means that you have more of a use for a higher HR bonus.

[Category: Characters](Category:_Characters "wikilink")
