*[Mindbenders](:Category:_Mindbenders.md "wikilink") have the power to
draw psychic energy from their groupmates and use it for themselves.
This [spell](:Category:_Spells.md "wikilink") gathers the drained
psychic energy into a floating pool which orbits the caster. As long as
this "floating object" lasts, the
[Mindbender](:Category:_Mindbenders.md "wikilink")'s maximum
[mana](Mana_Points.md "wikilink") will be increased. The size of the
pool depends on the number of groupmates drained.*

Prerequisite(s): none.

Syntax: [cast](Cast.md "wikilink") 'hive mind'.

This spell will create a floating object (which is called,
unsurprisingly a hive mind). You can have up to two hive minds at a
time, and each hive will last for a decent amount of time - I'm not sure
yet exactly how many ticks. The hive minds cannot be removed, and they
disappear on death.

You need a minimum of 4 groupmates to cast hive mind - you can use mobs,
either by buying pets or using [domination](domination "wikilink"). Each
group member will increase your maximum mana by 25. So, for example, if
you have 5 groupmates and you cast hive mind twice, each hive mind will
increase your maximum mana by 125.

The strength of Hive Mind is affected by the casters racial psionic
bonus.

[Category: Skills And Spells](Category:_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Spells](Category:_Spells "wikilink") [Category: Mindbender
Hero Skills And
Spells](Category:_Mindbender_Hero_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Mindbender Class
Definers](Category:_Mindbender_Class_Definers "wikilink")
