Welcome to the AvatarWiki.

The first key to getting around this site quickly is to learn how to use
the search box, which is located to your left below the navigation
frame. Let's say you came here for a very specific purpose: you want to
know how to get the [Fatewalkers](Fatewalkers "wikilink"). All you have
to do is type in "fatewalkers" in the search box, hit go, and it should
come right up. The search box is also handy for more complex tasks.
Let's say you really need an item that will give you water breathing.
Once again, type "water breathing" into the search box, hit go, and all
the articles containing that term should pop up.

The search box now also queries categories by default, so if there's a
category page that you're looking for, such as [:Category:Gear In
Wamphyri Aerie](:Category:Gear_In_Wamphyri_Aerie "wikilink"), then you
can use the search box to find it quickly.

If you come across a page that isn't as helpful as you had hoped, please
take a moment and edit the page, appending \[\[Category:Incomplete\]\]
onto the end of the article.

Of course, if you find a section of the Wiki that is really useful to
you, you can always bookmark it. Finally, if you're bored, take a look
at the information we've begun to gather under the
[Miscellaneous](:Category:Miscellaneous.md "wikilink") section. You
might see something there that interests you that you wouldn't have even
thought to search for. Anyways, that's about it. I hope you enjoy using
this site. If you're interested in helping us make this website even
more useful than it already is, take a look at
[Contributing](Contributing "wikilink")

[Category: Wiki Stuff](Category:_Wiki_Stuff "wikilink")
