Our objective in this quest is to prove to the local monk clan that we
know something fishy is going on at Gorn's Anchor. Haha, a fisherman
pun. Begin by looking for anything out of the ordinary on the island,
possibly in the town square. Mysterious ancient Temple of Gorn, active
volcano, and foreign invasion force aside, there is a locked storefront
on the west end of the square. If we try to gain access, we'll find it's
been boarded up, so we'd better [pull](Pull "wikilink") those aside
first.

Gaze in horror at two maimed bodies on the floor. One is the skeletal
remains of a human, the other the leathery husk of some terrible
creature. [Get](Get "wikilink") any evidence you can from the room and
present it to [Namure](Namure "wikilink"). She doesn't want the secret
of Gorn's Anchor getting out, so she'll give us a
[topaz](Small_Topaz "wikilink") worth 4,000 gold to shut us up. Clearly,
she doesn't know us very well.

*You give an iadh bone to Namure, the Hand of Gorn. Namure winces as you
hand her the bone. "I'm not sure how you found this," she says, looking
you over. "We have tried our best to hide all traces of the iadh, but
perhaps my monks have gotten sloppy lately. I hope that by indulging
your curiosity you will agree never to speak of this. The iadh are a
subterranean race of creatures that controls a vast underground colony.
I have no idea how large that colony is, but they have probably been
expanding it for thousands of years. Hundreds of years ago, iadh diggers
surfaced on this island, and they would have probably taken control of
the island, had this temple not have stopped them. Over the years, more
iadh have been stationed below Gorn's Anchor in an attempt to take over
this island, but with no success. Know that if Lord Audis is allowed to
control this island, he will undoubtedly remove the monks of Gorn as
soon as possible, and that will spell only doom for both the villagers
and soldiers. Please take this as a token of your agreement.*

*Namure, the Hand of Gorn gives you a small topaz!*

[Category:Quests In Gorn's
Anchor](Category:Quests_In_Gorn's_Anchor "wikilink") [Category: Lowmort
41-50 Quests](Category:_Lowmort_41-50_Quests "wikilink")
