## Summary

My aim is to provide a complete script set for AVATAR which will
eventually cover every aspect of the game. From counters of all sorts,
to automation triggers (eg. kill trigger, stab triggers, etc) to bots
and everything else we can come up with.  
At the moment I am in the process of upgrading my scripts to cmud 3.34
so everyone can enjoy them, and will add them one by one as they come
out.  
These scripts will mostly be inter-dependant but I will strive to
compartmentalize as much as possible for easy of use.  

## damageCounter Beta

damageCounter - statChecker - dependencies

UPDATE: There seem to be several little details that need finishing up..
my apologies.. new updates hopefully totally fixed version will be up
soon.

Ok I have finished (I think, mostly) cleaning up a workable set of
scripts to share with you all.

Damage counter is far from 100% finished but I could do with a couple of
you helping me test it by running it :)

They include damageCounter, statChecker, and a few utility things to
make these two work flawlessly like autoKeepAlive, gagCapture and a
couple more.

NOTE: You need to keep everything included in here apart a few select
things if you want everything to work.

You will find instructions and explanations in the notes fields of
individual folders, for any questions contact me on AVATAR of email me
at tuataur@gmail.com

This file is too big to print here due to the sheer amount(600+) of
characters already included in the statChecker databases, so ill just
link to the file.

Download it and import xml in CMUD.

Make sure you relog once after importing if you were already logged on.

DISCLAIMER: I am not responsible for anything that were to happen as a
result of you using my scripts, if you are unsure please create a new
cmud session to test them with until you are satisfied.

![](IVRIN_SCRIPTS_PUBLIC_V1_NOV2014.xml‎ "IVRIN_SCRIPTS_PUBLIC_V1_NOV2014.xml‎")

[Category:Cmud Scripting](Category:Cmud_Scripting "wikilink")
