*With its tip covered in fresh blood, this katar shines where there is
light.*  
Modifies hit roll by 17 continuous

`Modifies damage roll by 17 continuous`  
`Modifies armor class by -30 continuous`

Slot: Wield/Offhand  
It is a one handed weapon which does piercing damage.  
Weight: 16  

## Directions

### Part One

1\. From shift first head due north to the great portal where you will
find the Sergeant. He will ask you if you agree or disagree to aid him.
(Agreeing with him closes out the possibility of helping the village
elder for the gray staff instead). Agreeing with him you will get the
key to the spire of knowledge.

2\. Head back south 2 rooms to exit the portal chamber. This puts you
back between the spires. Head east as far as you can then go into the
mines in the north east corner of this section. You will eventually
reach a room with a kzinti guardian where you have the choices to go
\[east south up\]. Head east to enter the mines; the up will loop you
back into this same room.

3\. Mines are generally "U" shaped with you entering the mines the upper
right side. Head south and west til you see Raskartan and a couple of
other mobs in the way. Not a hard room but best to send in a tank and
have a backup tank in the wings for this room. (btw if you avoid all the
miners actively mining, not the ones just wandering looking for a place
to mine you won't set off any of the alarms.)

4\. Entrance to the spire is just a bit north west of the large room you
had to get by. Unlock the up, up and sleep before proceeding if
necessary. This room is also lloydable. You can create a shrine here to
turn the room into an infirmary

5\. You can regen in room with the peaceful kzinti. He will give you 5
choices of directions.

-   Take what you bring - No regen path, bonus is regen room right
    before final room because a safe room
-   Might makes right - No spell path, bonus is majority of gear room
    doesn't have sanc. Can cast in gear room and regen room just fine.
-   All is lost - Shortest path but it is a maze, no modifications to
    gear room or regen room
-   Power is everything - melee immune path, extra big ass gassy mob
    added to gear room but he has pgems. Gear room is silent. Requires a
    very good group to even consider.
-   Win some, lose some - det path, small det mobs added to path that do
    not repop. Det mob is removed from gear room.

If you have a strong enough group, you should definitely do the "Power
is Everything" (Up) Path, as the path itself is not too much harder than
the noregen (North) path. After you choose a path, the peaceful kzin
will take a little time to lower the barrier. Once he says the barrier
is weakened, you can push barrier to proceed.

**The following information is valid ONLY on the "Power is Everything"
(Up) Path.**

  
\- Only the rabid kzintis on this path are melee immune (don't bother
trying to assassinate them), the horde of rodents (invis) and other
swarms are able to be damaged by melee.

\- There are three levels that you need to navigate. Each level is 2
rooms wide (east/west) and 3 rooms long (north/south). In the southeast
corner of each level there is an exit up or down. Take the up and down
exits as they become available to you.

\- Right before the gear room is a room containing lots of imps that can
be immolated by your sors. The Hidden Anxiety mob in this room is aggie
but the imps are not. If you area in this room, yours sors lose their
immolation/astral prison mobs.

\- The room contains one mob that **dets**, the cloud. Have your
sors/mnds target that first until it dies so that you can wear gear
again. It is best to send a (naked) bzk first along with the burning
hands pill from Eragora so that you can abuse Resist Pain and huge hp
until the cloud dies. Have your ac tanks wear their gear after the cloud
is dead (checkable by looking at the cloud until you can no longer see
it).

\- The gear room's gas is quite painful; you will probably need augment
2 preach comf to survive until the gassy mob dies.

\- Your bonus for taking this path is 1 lord level pgem of each type
(carried by the gem-encrusted golem). If you're after the pgems, you
might want to target the golem after the cloud.

If you choose to take this path, the room will still be silenced after
it is clear. Instruct your group members to plane thorn after the room
is clear, then salv your bzk (or strand them there for hilarity). Make
sure to "take all corpse" from all the corpses before you leave to
ensure that everything is looted.

6\. Keep the documents from the gear room, and save them until you are
ready to run next part.

Loot should be: Kzintium Circlet, Research Documents, Simple Gloves,
Sceptre of Life (included in any path), Sceptre of Creation, and vial of
unfinished portal serum

### Part 2

1\. Take the documents back to the Sergeant.. This will open a portal a
few rooms south where the fountain between the spires is located. NOTE:
There is also a portal IN the room you portal into, so warn people not
to enter portal twice.

2\. Enter the portal, everything here aggies. Head 1n and all west to
reach a room with "The mountain looms up before you, dominating the land
and sky." in the room description. "Pull stone" to gain access to a
secret area. There's a scientist 1s 1w from this room with a key inside.
E N to get back out.

3\. Head back east and scan until you see a room north that contains "An
elite Kzinti warrior is here, fighting a bloodied villager" and "A
bloodied villager is here, fighting an elite Kzinti warrior." They guard
the entrance to the gear room. Be aware that the key will break in 1-2
uses, so you will want to regen before clearing this room. The room 1e
of these mobs is the safest place to regen. Once you're full, unlock the
north (reclearing the room if necessary). If you have the misfortune of
having the key break without opening the door, you will need to go get
another key from the scientist.

4\. The gear room is north and west from here and can turn into nospell
so be ready for it. You have 4-5 rounds of casting, so have your casters
surge 5 and quicken as high as their mana allows for these 4-5 rounds.
Have your casters and brutes target Solame when they enter the room. As
long as you can kill that mob and get the stack of papers it doesn't
matter about the rest of the mobs. It is also worth noting that Solame
can toss, which will cause mobs to randomly pile onto other people,
sometimes killing your poor casters. A way to mitigate this is to send
two tanks at once; have one target Solame, and the other area. Be aware
that several mobs in the room use lightning arrows, so the two tanks
should be prepared to do either role, should one get stunned before
targetting Solame. Once Solame dies, have your priest preach innocence
and leave the room immediately.

5\. You should be able to walk back to the portal then back to the
sergeant with the stack of papers. To turn in from the door outside the
boss room (where the two elite mobs repop): s e e s -\> en po -\> e is
sergeant for papers turn in.

<hr>

[Category:Lord Weapons](Category:Lord_Weapons "wikilink") [Category:Gear
In Savage Jungle](Category:Gear_In_Savage_Jungle "wikilink")
