*Long ago I was a great warrior of the Kzinti realm. I was, in fact,*the
champion of the great lord Taragaul. I traveled far and wide *spreading
the glory of the Kzinti realm. I hunted strange beasts*made of fire and
molten rock...but alas, that was long ago.

*Before my last journey we discovered a new form of transport.
This*marvelous creation would allow us to travel instantly to any place
on *any plane with no energy drain and no delay. Unfortunately we did
not*study this magic enough and I was stricken nearly barren by strange
*energies from this magic. I am the only member of the party to
have*made it to Thorngate and I hope someday to return to the Kzinti
*Homeworld. This ailment is the reason I cannot return. I have been*gone
so long they must have discovered a medicine that can help, I ''just
know it! Arghh!

*It is that vile man, the keeper of the Great Temple. I always knew*he
hated me. He knows of the medicine that can start me on my road to
*recovery but has prevented expeditions that would leave the plane
to*seek out the members of the old expedition. Find a vicar hiding in
the *wilderness and bring me the medicine he holds. He may be too
cunning*to simply have it on him. If he does not have it, force him to
tell you *where it is. If the formula is complex and if you can only get
the basic*formula ingredients, then that will be fine. I'm not picky,
just eager to *go home! I am too weak to join you, but if you do me this
favor I shall*reward you when you return.

Room Desc: ''A tall and proud looking kzinti.

Affects: Hide, Sanctuary  
Alignment: Demonic  

[Category: Mobs In House Of
Bandu](Category:_Mobs_In_House_Of_Bandu "wikilink")
