Some AVATAR MUD [doors](:Category:_Doors "wikilink") are lockable. Such
[doors](:Category:_Doors "wikilink") are usually closed and locked each
time that their [area](:Category:_Areas "wikilink") is "reset". Players
may move beyond closed locked [doors](:Category:_Doors "wikilink") by
using at least one of four techniques, which are as follows:

1\) Players who [find](Keyfinder "wikilink"), obtain, and carry a closed
locked [door](:Category:_Doors "wikilink")'s associated
[key](:Category:_Keys "wikilink") may [unlock](Unlock "wikilink") it and
then [open](Open "wikilink") it. This technique will not work for
[doors](:Category:_Doors "wikilink") that have no associated
[key](:Category:_Keys "wikilink").

2\) Players who know how to [pick locks](Pick_Lock "wikilink") may
[pick](Pick_(command) "wikilink") a closed locked
[door](:Category:_Doors "wikilink")'s lock and then
[open](Open "wikilink") it. This technique will not work for
[doors](:Category:_Doors "wikilink") that are
[pickproof](Pickproof_Doors "wikilink").

3\) Players who know how to [bash doors](Bashdoor "wikilink") may bash a
closed locked [door](:Category:_Doors "wikilink") open. This technique
will not work for [doors](:Category:_Doors "wikilink") that are
[bashproof](Bashproof_Doors "wikilink").

4\) Players who can magically [pass doors](Pass_Door "wikilink") may
move through closed locked [doors](:Category:_Doors "wikilink") without
interacting with them. This technique will not work for
[doors](:Category:_Doors "wikilink") that are
[passproof](Passproof_Doors "wikilink").

[Category: Doors](Category:_Doors "wikilink")
