*Note: If you are looking for the archer gear page, the page you want is
the [Category:Lord Archer Gear](:Category:Lord_Archer_Gear "wikilink")
page.*  
  
Origional unreadable blurb broken up and "Quoted". My Comments in ('s
--[Kerdor](User:Kerdor "wikilink") 01:17, 1 January 2007 (CST))

"a few notes written in my infancy as a lord that may aid those who come
after me. Do NOT!!! waste your time with ANY bow or crossbow that
identifies out as having NO inherent bonus."

(This is no different than at Hero)

"I wasted most of an entire day real time brilling up Elegant bows only
to find that the best of them did not match up to the bows that pop with
a bonus already on them."

(Well Duh. Good Lord Gear is hard to come by, especially weapons)

"Any bow that you are gifted that has a BIG bonus, like the shadow bow
for example, is not condusive to brilling."

(Again, Duh. Just like good weapons at hero. Or lord for that matter)

"Just do the re string, hope it doesn't snap and be grateful to whomever
gifted it to you."

(Again, this is no different than hero.)

"The art of Fletching the Magical arrows available to you at lord ( Ice
arrows and Lightning arrows) takes a LOT! of mana. Be prepared to spend
a lot of time doing this. I advise that you buy 3 Fletch kits and fletch
them up into Mithril, Ice and Lightning, giving yourself an ample supply
to begin with."

(Dont even bother fletching Mithril arrows at all. Waste of time and
fletchkit uses.)

"Unless you are specifically advised to do so, do not waste time with
crossbow ammunition at this time, even if you have a lord level
crossbow."

(Hint. Xbow ammo is nice on Midgaard.)

"The crossbows are your weapon for TANKING and unless you are extremely
experienced and powerful (in which case you won't be wasting your time
with this) you will NOT be tanking for a long long time. "

(Dont even bother 'hitting' with a xbow when tanking in AC. Damage is
insignificant, just use an AC Wield)

"You may be asked to be crossbow equipped and armed as part of a tank
chain due to HUGE hp's but frankly, its almost suicdial for you to
accept this kind of offer, regardless of your HP, Hero gear simply
doesnt belong on a lord run if you can help it, and if a DETONATE goes
off...\*shudder\*"

(It's called bleeding HP. Just like most brutes do in det areas. And
there is absolutely nothing wrong with an arc being in chain, even
naked, or wearing all Arcgear. Buying the casters more time to kill the
mobs is a GOOD thing)

"The fletch results wander all over the spectrum and I cannot state what
affects them. I attempted fletching with a FORT running but it seems to
make little, if any, difference. My production runs from a hi of 26 to a
low of 4."

(This is normal.)

"100 mithril arrows and bolts will be all you ever need to make, they do
NOT break but do NO damage at all. you will use about 300 arrows on a
typical run, twice that if and when you tank"

(Do not bother with mithril arrows. They are useless. Your fletchkit
uses are much better spent on ammo that actually DOES stuff.)

( --[Kerdor](User:Kerdor "wikilink") 01:17, 1 January 2007 (CST)

*Additional tips for lord archers*

Use your mana for sanc'ing sors/bci/etc or regening the tanks when they
ask for it.

Get a shield, and if theres a psi in the group fandago'ing, bash!

Also note near enough all the gear on the [:Category:Lord Archer
Gear](:Category:Lord_Archer_Gear "wikilink") page is the best gear you
can get, there are a couple of 2nd, and 3rd tier archer gear that you
can use till you can get the best gear. Having all tier one gear at lord
is not a requirement to run lord.

--[Redwinter](User:Redwinter "wikilink") 09:36, 7 May 2007 (CDT)

[Category: Lord Archer Gear](Category:_Lord_Archer_Gear "wikilink")
