This is the third in the chain of Patrol quests, to start it give your
[Badge Of Mervue](Badge_Of_Mervue "wikilink") from the [Mervue Patrol
Quest](Mervue_Patrol_Quest "wikilink") to
[Carlotta](Carlotta "wikilink") in
[Midgaard](:Category:Midgaard.md "wikilink").

*This quest has recently changed, you can find the instructions to the
old quest further down on the page.*

1\. Give your [Badge Of Mervue](Badge_Of_Mervue "wikilink") to
[Carlotta](Carlotta "wikilink") in [Jester's
Bedroom](Jester's_Bedroom "wikilink"). She can be found by walking 2s
(e) e 2u 2w n (w) or 2s2e2u2wnw from [An empty
sanctuary](An_empty_sanctuary "wikilink") (where
[Aelmon](Aelmon "wikilink") used to be).

2\. She will tell you to visit the [alchemist](alchemist "wikilink") and
to buy some goods from him to get him talking. You can get to him by
moving (e) s 2e 2d w (w) 8n (e) or es2e2d2w8ne. You can "buy empty" for
the cheapest item on the list. Buy them one by one, and he'll start
talking.

3\. He'll talk about some [irate noble](irate_noble "wikilink"). He's in
[An elegant townhouse](An_elegant_townhouse "wikilink") in the new area
that used to be [Mendek's Shack](Mendek's_Shack "wikilink"). Directions:
(w) 2n 5w s w s (e) or w2n5wswse (sometimes you need to go up,
(sometimes twice) from here to find him). He'll tell you:

<spoiler> 'Will you idiots stop coming and acussing \[sic\] me of being
involved in the King's death?! Ever since I was robbed, it has been one
misfortune after another!' the nobleman rants.

'The stupid robber didn't even try to hide his ghastly breath - he was
drunk on mead. I bet he was a buddy of the Mead Brewer, distraught when
the brewer fled the city right before the Queen died! Why don't you
spread your time trying to hunt down the robber?' </spoiler>

4\. Pay a visit to [What remains of Mead Brewers'
establishment](What_remains_of_Mead_Brewers'_establishment "wikilink")
(used to be [Brewer's House](Brewer's_House "wikilink")). (9w, 3s, 3e,
\[n\] from Aelmon.) There are some papers here:

<spoiler> You look through the papers but don't spot too much of
interest. There's an order for mead that was sent to [The Dragon's
Bane](The_Dragon's_Bane "wikilink") and another order sent to the
[Golden Lion](Golden_Lion "wikilink"). You're not sure how that would be
useful in solving the King's murder, however. The orders aren't that
recent, since the Mead Brewer left Midgaard some time ago.

Underneath the papers you also find a simple map of Mervue, though it is
so common and ordinary you decide not to take it with you. </spoiler>

5\. Head to [The Golden Lion](The_Golden_Lion "wikilink"). From Aelmon,
8n 2w (s). Buy some beer. You'll see the following conversation:

<spoiler> The bartender wipes down a glass and asks 'What can I get for
you, Pyric?'

buy beer

'Would you like a table in the corner? That seems to be a popular choice
for loners like yourself. That's what the last loner wanted...' the
bartender remarks.

buy beer

'Not that I ever saw his face' the bartender adds as he picks up the
conversation again. 'He never once removed his hood.'

buy beer

'He did ask for a room upstairs, though. You can have it tonight if you
want - it's currently available. It only costs a topaz per night.' he
says. </spoiler>

6\. Head to the bank ((n) 2e 4s (e)). Withdraw a
[topaz](topaz "wikilink") (you'll need 4000 coins). Head back and give
the topaz to a bartender. He'll tell you that you can find a place to
sleep upstairs.

7\. Head w u e. Knock. Take the two items here and head to Carlotta.
Make sure you wear your level gear if you're not maxed yet. Give the 2
items to Carlotta. Enjoy your 1500xp.

8\. Don't forget to get your item from the King's Bedroom (It's located
on the same floor you're on)

## Old Quest:

1\. You will receive training in the use of social emotes to investigate
and interrogate Midgaard citizens.

<spoiler>

There are three types of socials: aggressive, romantic, and friendly.

Carlotta will demonstrate the socials, and give you a summary list of
each type.

Feel free to alias them as you will be using them a lot.

Different options are presented to different characters
(male/female/neuter - any other factors?) and the dialogue will change
depending on which set you are able to use.

</spoiler>

2\. Carlotta will send you to find clues. When approaching a wandering
mob, follow it so you don't lose it. You need to use your training to
get the info out of 12 different mobs, all of which are in or near
Midgaard. Every one of them will emote in some manner to you so you will
be able to recognize which mobs need investigation. Furthermore, if
there are multiple "copies" of a mob in the city, you only need to do
this for one of them.

<spoiler>

The people you need to speak with are:

  
The Duchess (Castle 2nd floor / Throne Room)

The Court Toady (Castle 2nd floor / Throne Room)

Andromeda, a Shop-keeper in Heroes Circle

A hopeless drunk (Wanders, the right drunk will respond when you enter
the room)

An elven demonologist in The Royal Library

A grumpy maiden (wanders the streets)

A jailer's assistant, under executioner's block

Chuckie, the Map seller, East of Aelmon

An ex-samuari, the HFIL bar, slightly north of the Eastern courtyard

A grocer in the general store, a little north of Aelmon

A footpad (wanders the streets, the right footpad will respond when you
enter the room)

The Master Mason (wanders - sometimes in the castle, sometimes running
around the streets of Midgaard.)

-   You need the Master Mason, not one of the several regular masons.

<!-- -->

  
If you are not yet familiar with Midgaard, it is well worth exploring,
as it comes up in a lot of quests, events, etc.

Also, it can be faster to walk between some of these places than getting
a portal from sanctum, especially when

the bots are busy. If you are having trouble finding a particular place,
you can find a [map of Midgaard here](Midgaard_Map.md "wikilink").

<!-- -->

  
The first of the three socials is easy, as the mob will perform it when
you enter the room, so you just have to copy.

If you get the third social wrong, you can simply reenter the room, and
the mob will perform the second social initially, so you can skip the
first.

If you get the second attempt wrong, you will need to start over, by
reentering the room.

<!-- -->

  
The maiden, drunk and footpad can be the hardest to find, so if you spot
them on your travels, do them before continuing with other mobs.

</spoiler>

3\. Once you have gathered 12 clues, report to Carlotta and you go on a
hunt for the perpetrators!

<spoiler>

  
After handing in the twelve clues, you will need to hunt down the three
henchmen at their hideouts.

<!-- -->

  
The locations which you uncovered during the preceding step of the quest
will now be repeated again, in case you have forgotten.

<!-- -->

  
And finally the main mob:

<!-- -->

  
Go to the Royal Midgaard Library, and enter the catacombs (the entrance
is west of The Chief Librarian and Demonologist, at the end of a row of
shelves.)

<!-- -->

  
The final boss is hiding deep within, with the royal sceptre. Try to
speed walk past the mobs, and use sneak, being wary of Ooze mobs.

<!-- -->

  
You will need to be a little careful running this area with a level 35
character, but as long as your aren't reckless (make sure your spells
aren't about to fall,

carry a couple of healing potions, avoid rooms with too many mobs) you
should be okay.

</spoiler> 4. Return with the stolen item.

You will receive a [Badge Of Midgaard](Badge_Of_Midgaard "wikilink"), a
replacement insignia - [Honorary Townguard Of Midgaard
Insignia](Honorary_Townguard_Of_Midgaard_Insignia "wikilink"), and 1500
XP. Keep the badge as it is used in the [Kriegstadt Patrol
Quest](Kriegstadt_Patrol_Quest "wikilink") for Heroes of level 1-100
(see HELP PATROL QUESTS for more information on this and other patrol
quests).

[Category:Quests In Midgaard](Category:Quests_In_Midgaard "wikilink")
[Category:Insignia Quests](Category:Insignia_Quests "wikilink")
