*Gossamer mithril threads are woven, impossibly, into a fine pair of
gloves. They are almost totally invisible unless the light strikes the
gleaming metal in just the right way. But what razor sharp metal strands
these are...*

`Insignificantly increases resistance to poison damage continuous`  
`Modifies `[`damage`` ``roll`](Damage_Roll.md "wikilink")` by 5 continuous.`  
`Modifies `[`hit`` ``roll`](Hit_Roll.md "wikilink")` by 5 continuous.`  
`Modifies `[`hp`](Hit_Points.md "wikilink")` by -20 continuous.`  
` It improves archery accuracy.`  
` It improves chances of archery critical hits.`  
` It facilitates the archery skill held shot.`

Object: mithril, webbing, gloves  
Type: armor  
Extra flags: invis  
Bases: 10-12  
Levels: 50-52  
Weight: 0  
Quality 200 hp  
Area: [Daingean Machadae](:Category:_Daingean_Machadae.md "wikilink")  
Mob: [giant spider](Giant_Spider.md "wikilink")  
This is a skin item from the giant spider just a few rooms beyond the
entrance of Daingean Machadae.

Coming in from the west go s, e, u, e; kill troll, kill gnome, get
[formless elemental earth](Formless_Elemental_Earth.md "wikilink") from
the Gnome's corpse, go west, unlock north, open north, and the [giant
spider](Giant_Spider.md "wikilink") is right there.

Be sneak, move hidden, and invis throughout or you will get aggied by
any Quicksilver mobs in the area.

Remember to enchant this item up to level 54 to get the maximum Archery
benefit.

[Category: Armor](Category:_Armor "wikilink") [Category: Hero Archer
Gear](Category:_Hero_Archer_Gear "wikilink") [Category: Hero Hit
Gear](Category:_Hero_Hit_Gear "wikilink") [Category: Skin
Items](Category:_Skin_Items "wikilink") [Category: Gear In Daingean
Machadae](Category:_Gear_In_Daingean_Machadae "wikilink") [Category:
Poison Resistance Gear](Category:_Poison_Resistance_Gear "wikilink")
