With so many excellent AVATAR resources already available on the web,
why would we make another website devoted to this MUD? No, we're not
nuts, we actually believe that this website offers something that none
of the other currently available AVATAR sites do.

One problem with AVATAR info sites is that they can disappear at a
moment's notice, never to return. I'm sure many players mourn the loss
of such great AVATAR info sites as Aejase, Mindesto's map site, and
Wiseman's race info (edit: [Wiseman's race
info](http://www.users.on.net/~wyvaud/avatar_races/races.html) is still
up, at a new location! -- Wiseman). Another problem is when once-great
sites like lfamily, or again Aejase, become obsolete because their
administrators neglect them.

This website solves both of these problems. While we can't promise to be
around forever, we certainly don't have plans of disappearing any time
soon. And if the unforeseen does happen, then we could easily hand off
the contents of this site to anyone interested in hosting it, and it
could be back up in minutes.

Because this website is a Wiki, and is therefore modifiable by
***anyone***, you need not worry about the information here becoming
obsolete. If something on the MUD changes, you can log onto the Wiki
yourself and keep the rest of the community up to date; you don't need
to wait for one of the few site administrators to do it for you.
Similarly, if there's some great obscure AVATAR web resource out there
that you know about, you can transcribe that knowledge into our Wiki.
That way, if the other site goes down for any reason, the information
will still be available online.

We hope you enjoy using this Wiki, both to find information about
AVATAR, and to share what you know with others. Please see
[contributing](contributing "wikilink") if you need help figuring out
how to post information on this site.

\-[mel](User:Mel.md "wikilink")&[waite](User:Waite.md "wikilink")

[Category: Wiki Stuff](Category:_Wiki_Stuff "wikilink")
