These [objects](:Category:_Objects "wikilink") provide magical two-way
connections between [rooms](:Category:_Rooms "wikilink"). Some are
permanent fixtures in certain [areas](:Category:_Areas "wikilink") or
may be temporarily created as part of certain [ticket
quests](:Category:_Ticket_Quests "wikilink"). Others are temporary
creations of [characters](:Category:_Characters "wikilink") who
[cast](Cast "wikilink") '[nexus](Nexus "wikilink")'.

Nexuses may potentially "drain" certain small random amounts of [hit
points](Hit_Points "wikilink"), [mana points](Mana_Points "wikilink"),
and/or [move points](Move_Points "wikilink") from
[characters](:Category:_Characters "wikilink") who travel through them.
Each individual nexus has a certain
[value](:Category:_Object_Values "wikilink") that determines this,
making its chances of "portal drain" on
[characters](:Category:_Characters "wikilink") either 0%, completely
random, or 100%.

Although traveling via nexus can never kill
[characters](:Category:_Characters "wikilink") directly, it can be
indirectly deadly for relatively-low-[level](Level "wikilink")
[characters](:Category:_Characters "wikilink") who, for example, may
arrive in a dangerous [area](:Category:_Areas "wikilink") with zero [hit
points](Hit_Points "wikilink"); by contrast,
relatively-high-[level](Level "wikilink")
[characters](:Category:_Characters "wikilink") with plenty of
[points](:Category:_Points "wikilink") have much less to fear and may
hardly ever notice any drain. [Mages](:Category:_Mages "wikilink") may
[cast](Cast "wikilink") '[astral shield](Astral_Shield "wikilink")' on
[characters](:Category:_Characters "wikilink") to prevent them from
experiencing any "portal drain" during transit.

See also [Portals](Portals "wikilink").

[Category: Object Types](Category:_Object_Types "wikilink")
