*Composed of a thick parchment, unbounded except for a tightly wound*
*piece of white string, these notes represent the bulk of the*
*storyteller's work. Though he has told the same stories over and*
*over, no one has yet gotten tired of his voice crooning over the din*
*of the city.*

*Whenever someone asks where he learned the stories, he pauses and*
*reflects for a moment before speaking to the waiting crowds. It*
*always begins back when his father was barely more than a lad.*

*This is his story, and Mervue's story.*

**Keyword(s):** storytellers, notes.  
**[Level(s)](Object_Level.md "wikilink"):** 29.  
**[Type](:Category:_Object_Types.md "wikilink"):** [
Furniture](:Category:_Furniture.md "wikilink").  
**[Slot(s)](Object_Slots.md "wikilink"):** none.  
**[Quality](Object_Quality.md "wikilink"):** 20 hps.  
**[Weight](Object_Weight.md "wikilink"):** 0 lbs.  
**[Flag(s)](:Category:_Object_Flags.md "wikilink"):** none.  

## Comments

You look at the storyteller's notes...

  
The storyteller's dad was no more than a young lad, twenty-one winters
strong. It started innocently enough, with magic doing unintended
things: spells meant to heal caused the victim to levitate; spells meant
to create light for night travels instead made an aura of sanctuary
around the caster. Any of the fish that made it to the shore were dead,
and the Spring nights became warmer than anyone could remember in years
past.

<!-- -->

  
Just when worries were rising to their highest furor with riots
escalating nightly, everything returned to normal one cool summer's eve.

<!-- -->

  
Less than a month later, a visitor came, heralding the arrival of his
master. The townsfolk scolded him, locking him in an iron cage that
dangled an elf's height off the ground. For days the citizens held
parties in his honor, dancing around the cage as if it were a festival
pole. The man, jeered on by his captors, became emancipated and refused
to eat. Having bitten the doctor who tried to heal him, the odd captive
all but forced those to stay away.

<!-- -->

  
As the visitor became sicker and sicker, more and more people stayed
away, foregoing the festivities. On his final night before he succumbed
to his illness, he was found whispering things in a demonic tongue, and
lashing out against his iron confines with inhuman strength. The next
night, the bars of the cage were snapped in half, a gaping hold in one
side.

<!-- -->

  
The body of the prisoner was found face down in a puddle, having choked
to death sometime after escaping and falling to the dirt ground. At the
point of death, he seemed to have been to weak to lift his own head.

<!-- -->

  
The bodies of the prisoner's guards were found nearby, their skin
hanging loosely from their flesh. Two by two, all of the shift guards
perished to the same disease that killed their mysterious visitor, until
a quarter of the city's defenses lay buried in a mass grave.

<!-- -->

  
The next night, only two nights since the death of the prisoner, the
city's healer fell violently ill and died. Panicked, a good portion of
the city tried escaping by land or sea, only to be turned back by
powerful magical wards that had appeared overnight.

<!-- -->

  
The body of the prisoner was found face down in a puddle, having choked
to death sometime after escaping and falling to the dirt ground. At the
point of death, he seemed to have been to weak to lift his own head.

<!-- -->

  
The bodies of the prisoner's guards were found nearby, their skin
hanging loosely from their flesh. Two by two, all of the shift guards
perished to the same disease that killed their mysterious visitor, until
a quarter of the city's defenses lay buried in a mass grave.

<!-- -->

  
The next night, only two nights since the death of the prisoner, the
city's healer fell violently ill and died. Panicked, a good portion of
the city tried escaping by land or sea, only to be turned back by
powerful magical wards that had appeared overnight.

<!-- -->

  
Raistlin, a wandering mage living on the outskirts of the town, was
commissioned by public vote to investigate the wards. Not much
information was gathered, except that the wards were invisible when
covered in sunlight.

<!-- -->

  
As children and families fell sick and perished, the city grew more
frantic in their attempts to escape the magical bounds, though to no
avail. As all hope began to fade, a stranger arrived one cold winter's
morn, able to penetrate the wards with ease. When the villagers reached
him, he spoke of ignorance of the magical ways. At the urging of the
villagers, he demonstrated how he was able to leave and come as he
pleased, though none could follow.

<!-- -->

  
The villagers begged the mysterious stranger to leave and seek
assistance from Midgaard, to which he readily agreed. In return, they
gave him a strong horse and three days worth of supplies. He departed
that hour, riding his hour so hard that it kicked up clouds of dirt that
could be seen for half a mile.

<!-- -->

  
Scarcely two nights after, the visitor returned, panting hard after
having ridden the horse without stopping since his departure. He spoke
haltingly of reinforcements arriving soon, being gathered by the elite
townguards stationed in Midgaard, and with a last gasp of breath, he
handed them a folded piece of paper.

<!-- -->

  
  
''Brave citizens,

<!-- -->

  
  
''We have received your summons and are coordinating a rescue effort as
we speak. We will arrive two nights after the bearer of this note.

<!-- -->

  
  
''Aelmon,

*Ruler of the city of Midgaard*

<!-- -->

  
As darkness fell twice more, several guildmasters arrived wrapped in
winter cloaks, along with a legion of the land's most renowned Heroes
not far behind.

<!-- -->

  
Both the clerical and priest guildmasters huddled together by the cage
that till held the deceased body of the prisoner. The magic holders took
it on themselves to examine the wards with a hasty caution. The fighters
assembled by the cage momentarily, before branching out in all
directions, clear disdain in their voices regarding the healers' passive
ways. And then time shifted.

<!-- -->

  
The first indication: strangers walked through the town, shades of their
self, sometimes considered illusions of something grander by the
healers. The shadows walked with confidence, no fear in their bright
eyes. Paying no attention to the city folk, they vanished by morning
only to reappear at night, heralded by a scream. Raistlin stood by a
ward he had been examining as darkness began to fall, numbly staring at
the newest shade. Unlike the other shades that had appeared previously,
this one was agitated, muttering silent as he paced back and forth on
phantom feet. The shade was Raistlin, right down to the dirt-streaked
magician's robes Raistlin was fond of wearing, though his mentality was
not the same. Before anyone could speak, the world shifted once more.

<!-- -->

  
When the dust settled, the Midgaardians would speak of a great battle to
their leader, Aelmon, telling him of the bravery of the fighters.

<!-- -->

  
A nameless great evil had risen from the rift in time, pulling all into
its domain. Though the evil was eventually defeated after a lengthy
battle, when the fighters returned back to their own world, the city
they had been investigating lay in ruins, its inhabitants gone from this
world. The only person alive to greet them was Raistlin, and though he
was fully flesh, he acted strangely more like the shade previously
encountered, as if the real Raistlin no longer existed and was also lost
in the grips of time. Insanity tinted the poor man's words, and nothing
would ever be gained about the destruction of the city by him.

<!-- -->

  
For a long time, the city lay in ruins, destroyed by what some would
later call the Hand of God, the damage greater than any had seen before
-- though the evil that was committed could not be caused by an
Avatarian God. Eventually Lord Audis took up the charge of rebuilding
the city from scratch, finding new settlers to take the old ones'
places, though no one would ever pry the reason from his lips. And he
called the city Mervue, after the mistress of the Sea, and thus was the
city borne from the ashes of the old, defying Time once more.

## Directions

Walking route from [Aelmon](Aelmon.md "wikilink"): 26s,e.  
Walking route from [ Giles](Giles.md "wikilink"): w, 3s, e.  
[Portaling](Portal.md "wikilink") point suggested:
[Storyteller](Storyteller.md "wikilink").  

[Category: Gear In Mervue](Category:_Gear_In_Mervue "wikilink")
[Category: Furniture](Category:_Furniture "wikilink")
