*Things have not been well around [the
estate](:Category:Laboratory_Of_Chalmus "wikilink"). I am increasingly
haunted by vivid memories of awful things that just don't make any
sense. One night I was pulled from my bed and forced to march downstairs
to the lab. There I was dissected alive on my own experimenting table in
some sort of sick demonic ritual. Another time
[Marcy](Maid_Marcy "wikilink") had gone missing. I searched high and low
for her, finally coming across her in the basement. As she turned to
face me she wore the visage of a gorgon and lunged at me with terrible
piercing claws. I tell you honestly I am no fool; I can tell the
difference between a dream and what's real. But when these fits of
madness seize me sometimes I'm not so sure. Before the trouble starts I
always see out of the corner of my eye a small green imp running through
the house. I am only left to wonder, where is all this coming from? Are
my horrible dreams somehow manifesting themselves in reality? Is that
[MacAlvay](Simon_MacAlvay "wikilink") so jealous of my new possession
that he would try to take advantage of my trusting nature? Or is there
something alive in [that stone](Small_Grey_Stone "wikilink") that's
toying with my mind? My only hope is that I have enough power left to
maintain my sanity as I struggle to return order to my home.*

Back to [Notebook Of Chalmus](Notebook_Of_Chalmus "wikilink").

[Category:Laboratory Of
Chalmus](Category:Laboratory_Of_Chalmus "wikilink")
