**Syntax:** None \[Automatic Skill\]  
''The Ocean Weave is a series of moves which may be woven into the
[Unending Dance](Unending_Dance "wikilink"), improving its effects. The
weave incorporates arcane sigils into the movements of her swords,
charging her weapons with some of the dance's mana as they write upon
the air.

The effect is beautiful to behold; faint, glowing traceries hang upon
the air for but a moment, fading even as they are interwoven with other
sigils by the flitting swords.

As a result, her dance will create a fragile and fleeting warding effect
which sometimes enables her to evade the effects of area spells.
However, spells which are directly targetted at her penetrate this
mystic defence with ease.

If the bladedancer is in a bladetrance while performing the [Unending
Dance](Unending_Dance "wikilink"), the trance will not merely improve
the dance, but also the [Echo Weave](Echo_Weave "wikilink"). Her
enhanced intuition will help her evade area spells more effectively.''

**Prerequisite(s):** [unending dance](unending_dance "wikilink")  
**See also:** [unending dance](unending_dance "wikilink"),
[bladetrance](bladetrance "wikilink")

[Category: Skills And Spells](Category:_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Spells](Category:_Spells "wikilink") [Category: Lord
Bladedancer Skills and
Spells](Category:_Lord_Bladedancer_Skills_and_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Bladedancer Class
Definers](Category:_Bladedancer_Class_Definers "wikilink")
