*In a number of obscure texts and scrolls is passing mention of
something known as the Order. Knowledge about the Order seems to have
died along with the forgotten city Thalos, but a few clues have
correlated it and a place known as Stonegaard Keep. The location was
thought lost until Heroes discovered that it and accursed Shadow Keep
were one and the same.*

*Every so often in decades past, a young scholar believing to have made
a breakthrough in the study of the Order would make the trek to Shadow
Keep, braving the ogres and hounds North of Ofcol, to meditate in the
keep's library, hoping for an insight. They stopped making the journey
when they gradually realized that nobody was returning.*

***NOTE:** This quest is for heroes not of the "low" variety, though
there is no sublevel requirement. Grouped players can participate
together.*

This quest, when completed, will grant [Agent Of The Order
Insignia](Agent_Of_The_Order_Insignia "wikilink"). The quest can be
repeated for material rewards, but the rewards tied to the insignia will
not be granted again.

## Quest Rundown

**Disclaimer**: My memory is frail and the following information may be
incomplete, inaccurate or entirely made up. If you ran the quest
recently feel free to update the guide. --
[WinterRose](User:WinterRose.md "wikilink") 03:14, 11 September 2013
(EDT)

Quest starts with the players entering the Shadow Keep and locating the
librarian's ghost. Upon getting his attention by
<spoiler>meditating</spoiler> they are charged with fixing a book of the
old order - book, and its lost page or pages (2 pieces) can be found on
the Keep's main floor - look in the hidden library, altar in the chapel,
and the library itself. You will also have to complete the garb of the
old order by getting the [Ring Of Truth](Ring_Of_Truth "wikilink"), and
the [Small, Silver Crucifix](Small,_Silver_Crucifix "wikilink").

Now you need to clear up the shadows and undead. This is the funny part
of the quest; locations (do reference the map, it's helpful):

1.  First order of business: Cellblock in the basement - clear the
    skeletons from 3 inhabited cells by branding first. After combat
    look for remaining skeletons. Report to Librarian after this.
2.  Second wave: Southern Dead-End room (wraiths) in the tunnels further
    ("A dead end" with only exit to the west); Barred Watchtower outside
    the keep (hound dogs) ("Inside the watchtower"), northern ruined
    gate room (zombies). When dealing with one of these rooms, all the
    relevant mobs from the nearby rooms will swarm in for a lovely
    survival horror flavor.

To clear the rooms, ensure you are wearing the 3 items, brandish the
cross (yes, even if archer), the mobs will register this by becoming
vulnerable, then destroy them. If the character cannot brandish, get a
groupie. That is probably why the quest is group-based anyway.

Report to Librarian and go do the last part he requires.

Once finally done, return to the librarian, present proof, and then
repeat the starting social and get a reward of 2012 XP and the sceptre
which can later be used to stop undead (rot cor and similar) from
fleeing. You can rerun the quest (no XP reward but new sceptres are
available) to get more of these tools - they help if you find the
fleeing mobs annoying and you like soloing in the graveyard.

[Category:Quests In Shadow
Keep](Category:Quests_In_Shadow_Keep "wikilink") [Category:Insignia
Quests](Category:Insignia_Quests "wikilink") [Category:Hero
Quests](Category:Hero_Quests "wikilink")
