Go to Astral and start the Memory Lane run. Follow the directions until
you kill a pain elemental that opens a portal (sphere on ground). Enter
the sphere and proceed through a short maze until you get to the leech
area. Use the 'Exit' command to progress through the rooms, to The Fate
of the Elementals.

The pain elemental that spawns the sphere is always along the path,
sometimes as far along as Dark Queen Z's room near the end. The sphere
it spawns on death remains until reboot.

After entering the sphere, proceed through the "maze" (exits are not
randomized but there are 2 rooms with the same name), going through
rooms The elemental Army -\> rise of the dark fae -\> rise of the dark
fae -\> the final victory -\> the tide turns -\> the fate of the
elementals -\> the fate of the elementals.

The fate of the elementals room has one sentinel mob (memory) and is an
ok place to regen if needed before entering neuxs.

Next enter nexus and go down,down to land in a roughly 5x5 square area.

Kill all of the leeches withing a repop (about 7) to spawn the pain
essence ticket. You can track them.

Wander around until you find the room called PAIN with a doorway. This
room is noregen but is lloydable -- you can set anchor here, regen on
thorngate, and come back if you like.

Enter the door and go north, 3w until a dead end. Enter the door
(private) and give the essence to Scorn.

To leave, go 1 east to rejoin group. Head east until you hit a dead end
and enter the inferno to talk to Hatred. He will open a door for you
back towards Scorn's direction.

Return to the room with the Residues, a door will be open to the north.
Enter for a fairly large fight. Loot the Power from the ground after the
Overseer dies and bring it back to Hatred to unlock Pain Elemental
evolution.

Note! The entire area after the inferno is NOREGEN. Play it smart and
set the Anchor before attempting to regen for the final fight.

[Category:Imp Evolution
Quests](Category:Imp_Evolution_Quests "wikilink")
