This is in [battleground](:_Category:Battleground.md "wikilink"). Go to
Greigon - at the far north of the area head up past the giants until you
find his room. If you enter alone and no one else is in the area his
mprog will open a vortex.

Entering the vortex will take you to a maze with a bunch of tough mobs.
If you reach the end of the maze (saferoom) in time you will see a
pedestal and the orb. There are a couple of ways to do this.

1\) Solo (imps only) - enter the vortex, drop a coin and then
[discorporate](Racial_Discorporate.md "wikilink"). Now you can explore
the maze without dealing with the mobs. This is useful since the mobs
really hurt and leaving them alive makes the maze easier. Each room has
every possible exit, but scan will show fewer exits (so will the exit
command). The correct room will always be one of the rooms shown on
scan/exit. Leaving the mobs alive helps because you can scan and see
which directions take you to the same room based on the mobs in them at
the time. Keep choosing unique rooms and proceed like the UD maze until
you reach the end.

2\) Group - get a big group (the mobs area spell/gas so get brutes).
Alternatively, get a big caster or two, since there aren't many mobs in
the maze, so it's possible to surge/acid rain them. Have them wait in
sanctum. Open the vortex as described above. Then leave Greigon's room
and nexus to them so they can join you. Then take the group into the
vortex, drop a coin, clear the mobs (about 15 of them) and proceed
through the maze. You can send group mates over a room before scanning
to see which rooms are unique.

3\) Lord alts - the fdk version of has been soloed using lord alts. Have
the fdk enter greigon's room to create the vortex, then log your lord
alt and enter vortex. Quicken calm/awe and flash (if available) to move
through maze. It can still be a challenge.

## Tips on the maze

The maze randomizes and resets on a timer. At the most you have until
the next repop. The maze is unlike the UD maze in that all rooms do not
loop back to the first room. You may need to drop more coins to see the
unique rooms in the maze. The maze is quite small (\< 10 rooms).

[Category:Imp Evolution
Quests](Category:Imp_Evolution_Quests "wikilink")
