Portal [ugly stone gargoyle](Stone_Gargoyle "wikilink"), 3n w 2n
(areaspell and kill 2 invis sancted mobs first if you are using
bashdoor) bashdoor d, d, 3e bashdoor n, n.

The rest of the directions below apply only if you want to get keys:

If you want to get the key for the down door you can go 3n 4e n from
[ugly stone gargoyle](Stone_Gargoyle "wikilink") instead, kill [eater of
the dead](Eater_Of_The_Dead "wikilink") for key, D, open coffin, get
key, u s 5w 2n unl d and continue from where you bashdoor down in the
other path. Note that this key needs to respawn following rules for
items that respawn on ground to be looted, which requires noone to be in
the area, and since people often are you probably want to go with the
bashdoor method if possible. Be warned that there are invis aggies below
altar that see invis/mh and will not like it if you bash the gate to
[Crawling Chaos](Crawling_Chaos "wikilink").)

The key for the part where you bashdoor north right before the crawling
chaos is w s s from the room with the gate the [Crawling
Chaos](Crawling_Chaos "wikilink"), it pops on an invisible mob so gotta
areaspell to start fight.

There are two keys to the altar 3nw2n from the [ugly stone
gargoyle](Stone_Gargoyle "wikilink") (where you go down). The second key
is in Nemo's desk. To get there go 3n2wueu2wn from [ugly stone
gargoyle](Stone_Gargoyle "wikilink") and kill the [Corpse Of
Nemo](Corpse_Of_Nemo "wikilink") in the room, get key from corpse,
unlock 2.desk, get all 2.desk. Be warned that the corpse is rather big
and there are lots of aggies in the way. In the journal in the same desk
there is the story of the area. Read it, it is worth it. And [cauldron
of souls](cauldron_of_souls "wikilink") that you will get (hopefully)
from [Crawling Chaos](Crawling_Chaos "wikilink") is the ticket for [Red
Velvet Cape](Red_Velvet_Cape "wikilink"). See [Red Velvet Cape
Quest](Red_Velvet_Cape_Quest "wikilink") for details.

You may need the second key to the altar if you will want to do CR and
cannot bashdoor (like me, wizard). Likewise, if anyone is AFKing in the
area you may need it if people died with 1st set of keys in hands. The
1st set of keys is preferred since it is easier to get.

[Category: Hero Mana Gear](Category:_Hero_Mana_Gear "wikilink")
[Category: Int Gear](Category:_Int_Gear "wikilink") [Category: Finger
Mana Gear](Category:_Finger_Mana_Gear "wikilink")
