*Rogue Lore represents a basic working knowledge of larceny, thievery
and the underworld. Someone versed in this will possess the
street-smarts necessary to mingle with the less-than-lawful without
receiving a stiletto between the shoulder blades. It is probably best to
learn Rogue Lore before ever visiting a [rogue
guild](Rogue_Guild_Terrain.md "wikilink") to avoid being mistaken for an
outsider. Conversely this [skill](:Category:_Skills.md "wikilink") will
help a [Rogue](:Category:_Rogues.md "wikilink") recognize law-abiding
[citizens](Citizen_Mobs.md "wikilink"). This
[skill](:Category:_Skills.md "wikilink") also means a
[Rogue](:Category:_Rogues.md "wikilink") knows how to find and recognize
thief [marks](Markings.md "wikilink"). These
[marks](Markings.md "wikilink") are generally subtle carvings hidden
around major cities by experienced pilferers. They are often used to
help newer [Rogues](:Category:_Rogues.md "wikilink") find the local
guild, or identifying good places to rob, or to avoid.
[Rogues](:Category:_Rogues.md "wikilink") can leave messages for each
other with the [mark](Mark.md "wikilink")
[command](:Category:_Commands.md "wikilink"). Rogue Lore is necessary to
use [Rogue Tools](:Category:_Rogue_Tools.md "wikilink") and poisoned
[weapons](:Category:_Weapons.md "wikilink").
[Examining](Examine.md "wikilink") a
[tool](:Category:_Rogue_Tools.md "wikilink") or [poison
item](:Category:_Poisons.md "wikilink") will also reveal the
[item](:Category:_Objects.md "wikilink")'s stats to one who knows Rogue
Lore. Also, this [skill](:Category:_Skills.md "wikilink") teaches a
basic knowledge of the [Thief Cant](Thief_Cant.md "wikilink"), the lingo
of the underworld. This dialect is perfect for exchanging thiefly
secrets without tipping off any guards who might be listening. In order
to be able to understand the [Cant](Thief_Cant.md "wikilink"), after
[practicing](Practice.md "wikilink") Rogue Lore you must type
[SPEAK](Speak.md "wikilink") [THIEF CANT](Thief_Cant.md "wikilink")
once.*

Prerequisite(s): [Lore](Lore.md "wikilink").

Syntax: none (automatic).

See also [Lawful Flag](Lawful_Flag.md "wikilink").

[Category: Skills And Spells](Category:_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Skills](Category:_Skills "wikilink") [Category: Assassin
Lowmort Skills And
Spells](Category:_Assassin_Lowmort_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Black Circle Initiate Lowmort Skills And
Spells](Category:_Black_Circle_Initiate_Lowmort_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Bladedancer Lowmort Skills And
Spells](Category:_Bladedancer_Lowmort_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Rogue Lowmort Skills And
Spells](Category:_Rogue_Lowmort_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink") [Category:
Shadowfist Hero Skills And
Spells](Category:_Shadowfist_Hero_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
