The Sanctum exists outside of the world of AVATAR. It is a place to meet
friends and also the location of the Donation Room for levels above 10.
The imps that normally collect items left on the ground for a time find
themselves unable to enter the east and west wings of the Sanctum Please
note that PC & NPC corpses will decay normally if left in Sanctum. To
reach Sanctum, type the command SANCTUM.

## Comments

The Sanctum is a popular place for players to go when not running. It is
safe from any and all combat, and offers a number of services to
players. Note that you cannot be in a cursed room, or be affected by the
[Curse](Curse "wikilink") spell or [Racial
Cursed](Racial_Cursed "wikilink"), to enter the sanctum (unless a cursed
race is in a safe room). The only way to leave Sanctum is to recall,
[Teleport](Teleport "wikilink") or [Portal](Portal "wikilink").

## Navigation

From the main room reached by typing "sanctum", there are exits in all
directions. To the north are the stands, which serve no purpose unless
someone is attempting the [Ultimate Dragon](Ultimate_Dragon "wikilink")
quest. At such times, players can go to that room to watch the battle.
To the south is the entrance to the Hall of the Immortals where one can
view statues of various immortals of the game. To the east and west are
the east and west wings, respectively. Each wing has 5 rooms branching
off of it, and both wings are safe from the gear imps, making them a
popular place for swapping equipment between alts. Up from the main room
is the Midgaard branch of the Locker Rental Agency, where one can
purchase and access their locker. Going down takes you to the lower
floor of the Sanctum. North on the lower floor is a MOBA room which I
fail to think of a use for. East on the lower floor is the donation room
for all players over level 10, go here if you're looking for some spare
gear. Finally, to the west is the most popular room, the Sanctum
Infirmary. This room, as the name implies, has the [infirmary
flag](Infirmary.md "wikilink"), so players will regen twice as fast.
This is also the location of the majority of the
[Spellbots](Spellbots "wikilink").

## See also

-   [:Category:Sanctum](:Category:Sanctum "wikilink")
-   [Sanctum Map](Sanctum_Map "wikilink")

[Category: Commands](Category:_Commands "wikilink") [Category:
Sanctum](Category:_Sanctum "wikilink")
