This [command](:Category:_Commands.md "wikilink") shows you all the
[social commands](:Category:_Socials.md "wikilink") available. Most will
give a different message it targeted.

See also [Socials](:Category:_Socials.md "wikilink").

accept accuse ack adjust admire air anticipate attention alarm addict
agree anvil angelthank apologize applaud argh army arrive away bat beam
blindfold boast bully burn buzz baa babble backhand bah boot brat bark
bearhug beer beg blame boggle bkiss bite blink blush bounce bow bonk brb
burp banzai brush boogie bleed beckon cackle calamari cannonball
cartwheel catnap challenge chicken chirp chocolate comehere conspire
covers crack cramp cricket cheer cheerup chomp chop chuckle clap clench
clobber coffee complain cook cough convulse cower criticize crush
crocodile clueless comfort cringe cuddle curse curtsey cut confuse
caress chess chew choke chortle claw collapse crouch crumpet dance dare
dash daydream disagree dizzy doh dive dracula drinktoast drool drumroll
duck duel dufus die drunk eep embrace envy eskimo evileye evilgrin
excite explode eyebrow eyes face faint fancy flap flinch flip fluff
french fries frown fume flutter flirt fakerep fatality flare flay flex
foam fret froth fwap gag gasp gawk gibber giggle glare gnaw green grin
groan grovel growl grumble grunt guitar grouphug grimace grind gape
gargle goodnight greed grump gorup groom gross golfclap gulp hiccup honk
hack hair hairball halo hand happy herring hickey hiccups high5 hiss
hoot hop howl hmm hug hum holdhand huh hunger hush ignore innocent
invite irritate itch joy judge juggle jump kangaroo kiss knee kneel
knock lean leer linkkill laugh lick listen love luck lullaby lol magic
massage meow moan moon mosh maim mmm mooch moocow muhaha marv mutter
melvin meep milk moron mourn ni nibble nod nog nail noogie nose nudge
nuzzle ogle ohno oink oldtimer ooo origami ouch pace panic pant pat peck
pet peer pester phew pie pillow pinch ping pinky phone playdead plead
plot point pointlaugh poke polite ponder possum potato pounce pound pout
powertrip pressure pretend propose puff puke punch punt purr puzzle
quack quiver rage ramble relax righteous roll rollover romp rose raise
raisehand reassure rofl ruffle raspberry rock rub rubhands roar romance
room run salute scare scour serenade shame silly sneeze sniff sniffle
scold scratch scream sear sgrin slap slobber srestring starve stomp shin
shiver shrug shudder sigh sing sharpenlag smell smile smirk snap snarl
sit spit snicker sad snore smooch sob soup spush spull squeal squish
spin snowball snuggle spank splutter spur spurn squeeze stare stretch
strip stroke strut stumble sulk suffer swat swim swoon shriek schuckle
spam swear sneer scoff scowl scratchhead scuff slime spew squint squirm
shove skip smack sneer snort stagger sworship streak sweat smooth
shakehead shakehand shakefist support sweep tail tie tighten timeout
torture toast tada tag tease taunt tango tank tap tattle tear thank
think thwap tickle tender toe tossturn tsk throttle tongue tummy twiddle
twitch type tip threaten tackle urkel violin voodoo whap wonder worry
wrap wrinkle wrist write warpaint wave whimper woohoo woot wavebye
wavehello wedgie wetwilly whine wish whistle wiggle wince wink warcry
wolfwhistle wait weep whip whee whew yelp yawn yay yeehaw yowl yodel
zerbert

[Category: Communication
Commands](Category:_Communication_Commands "wikilink")
