To start this quest, go to [General
Nuuttaah](General_Nuuttaah "wikilink") and follow his instructions.

Directions: pp Duergar Caravan Master n, e, s, open s, 2s, u

Once completed, the quest will reward the player with a diamond, and the
[Special Officer Of The Grey Ghosts
Insignia](Special_Officer_Of_The_Grey_Ghosts_Insignia "wikilink").

There are no level limits to this quest, though the area's lower
recommended level of 18 can be constituted as the suggested starting
level for this quest.

The tradecraft clues he gives you tell you how to interrogate various
drow in the Graw Akkuurattaan. The right mob (a drow slave, have to find
the right one) will respond to the first social. The third is "shove"
(not threaten). Be persistent; you may need to try the same things a few
times to get results. (Growl, shove, threaten).

After you get the slave to say he knows nothing, go back to [General
Nuuttaah](General_Nuuttaah "wikilink"). Nod saying you need help. He'll
tell you to try something else. Find the slave again and threaten it
(Only works in the Central Plaza). It'll tell you lots of stuff for you
to take back to [General Nuuttaah](General_Nuuttaah "wikilink").

For the second part, he wants you to spy on Septarch Animosity and give
him an incriminating notebook hidden inside the room hidden behind her
bookshelf (a room which does not appear in the wiki's map of Tiureess.
\*pull book, e, open compartment, get all compartment\*).

[Category: Quests In Graw
Akkuurattaan](Category:_Quests_In_Graw_Akkuurattaan "wikilink")
[Category:Insignia Quests](Category:Insignia_Quests "wikilink")
[Category:Lowmort 11-20
Quests](Category:Lowmort_11-20_Quests "wikilink") [Category:Lowmort
21-30 Quests](Category:Lowmort_21-30_Quests "wikilink")
