Spellbots are players who have dedicated themselves to the purpose of
healing and providing protective spell-ups to all players. While not
strictly necessary in the earlier stages of your development, you'll
find them indispensable as you grow. They are not staff, or related to
the immortals of Avatar in any way, but are players who choose to give
their time and mana to help you progress. Please treat them kindly :)

The majority of spellbots are found in [Sanctum](Sanctum "wikilink"), in
the Infirmary room. To get there, type SANCTUM, down, west (RECALL to
leave again).

You may be able to see spellbots if you type WHO KRA and see which
people have trigger info in their title.

Note that this room can be spammy at times, so knowing what you want to
do before you enter can be useful. Spellbots generally explain how to
access their services via their [title](title "wikilink") or
[playerinfo](playerinfo "wikilink"). For example:

\[ 6 Lord Cle Spr Kra N \] Kimla is a spellbot: tell kimla help

Thus, you should type TELL KIMLA HELP.

You would then see (when she is out of lag!):

Kimla tells you 'tell me:
light\|spell\|spelltank\|\|sf\|dd\|hs\|cd\|cp\|reg\|c sanc\|c foci\|c
fort\|c awen\|c invin\|c 'iron skin'\|c invig\|c fre\|c rem\|rem
(int)\|c div\|c heal\|c comf\|c bark\|c por <mob>\|c nex <mob>\|c
invis\|c dark\|help, salute, bark, spull, tank'

Each command does something different. The popular commands for Kimla
are 'spell' or 'spelltank' (if your [alignment](alignment "wikilink") is
opposite Kimla's, if you are tanking your group, or if you are a caster
class soloing with spells alone, you want to use 'spelltank'). So, for
example, type 'tell kimla spell'. You will know the spellup is finished
when you see a $ by your hitpoints in your [prompt](prompt "wikilink").
$ denotes [sanctuary](sanctuary "wikilink").

As another example:

\[ 1 Lord Dru Hel Kra N \] WHOX v0.4: gt list for commands

As you can see from the title, this one gives instructions via
grouptells, not tells, so you will have to follow Whox. Bots who do this
will have autogroup on, so as soon as you follow you can type 'gt list'.

WHOX tells the group 'valid trigs are: div, adiv, sanc, frenz, full,
split, fort, foci, awen, bless, water, bark, invin, iron, hs, invig, rc,
cp, cd'

Type 'gt' followed by one of the commands Whox lists for spells. (Note -
I had to remove the asterisks that would normally be there for a
grouptell because it was messing up the format.)

Some general terms: "Full" means everything that bot can give you, which
usually means everything except [Steel
Skeleton](Steel_Skeleton "wikilink") and self-only spells like
[Concentrate](Concentrate "wikilink"). "Split" means a full spellup
except that [Awen](Awen "wikilink") is separated to not include
[Frenzy](Frenzy "wikilink"). Unfortunately protection is left out as
well because it is only castable on others via [Awen](Awen "wikilink").
This is optimal for the same reasons as Kimla's "spelltank" above. Most
bots use these terms, Kimla seems to be the odd one out.

Please note that it might be useful to refresh your
[Sanctuary](Sanctuary "wikilink") and [frenzy](frenzy "wikilink") as
they fall. Generally you might need to do this twice per spellup. Note
also that there are many bots, so glancing at everyone's titles
occasionally can be useful.

Psionicists and Mindbenders are also able to give [steel
skeleton](Steel_Skeleton "wikilink") and [iron
skin](Iron_Skin "wikilink"). Sometimes you can find a bot on that does
this. Type WHO HERO PSI, etc, to check. Note that some general purpose
spellbots are programmed to give iron skin while some, such as Kimla,
are not.

Finally, note that this room is an
[infirmary](:Category:_Infirmaries "wikilink"), which currently means
you will regen twice as fast for free.

[Category:Miscellaneous](Category:Miscellaneous "wikilink")
