`Syntax: cast stratum `<sustained weather spell>` (self only)`  
` e.g. cast stratum spring rain`

Long and devoted observation of the powers of nature have allowed
Stormlords to understand the layered structure of weather effects.

Using this knowledge Stormlords of sufficient experience are able to
control a local stratum of weather in addition to the effect they summon
into the wider area.

While such a stratum can be maintained more easily than a sustained
weather spell, it will still sap the casters mana. Should the Storm-
lord come under direct attack, or if they choose to rest or sleep, the
control of the stratum will break.

Any such forced breaking of the control will make the spell unavailable
for a short period of time.

The following strata types are available, but can only be used if the
Stormlord has mastered the related sustained spell:

**Gale:** The fierce winds swirling around the Stormlord have a good
chance of holding off any non-targeted magical or breath attacks.

**Sleet:** The extremely slippery ground around the Stormlord will make
some mobs choose an easier target to reach for attack, or even cause
them to slip and fall down should they attack nonetheless.

**Spring Rain:** The refreshing nature of this stratum will allow the
Stormlord to sustain wider range weather spells at a lower cost. For
reasons unknown, multiple Stormlords casting spring rain experience an
effect of diminishing returns.

**Hail Storm, Cloudburst:** For these strata a matching stratum and
sustained area spell will make it possible for the caster to control the
weather they summon faster, i.e. allowing them to attack with their
spell right away.

**Blizzard, Thunderhead:** For these strata a matching stratum and
sustained area spell will increase the damage done by the sustained
spell.

See also: 'FLOATING OBJECTS', 'STRATA CONTROL'

[Category: Skills And Spells](Category:_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Spells](Category:_Spells "wikilink") [Category: Arcane
Spells](Category:_Arcane_Spells "wikilink") [Category: Stormlord Hero
Skills And
Spells](Category:_Stormlord_Hero_Skills_And_Spells "wikilink")
[Category: Stormlord Class
Definers](Category:_Stormlord_Class_Definers "wikilink")
