## Introduction

At hero tier, grouping is widely considered the best (read: fastest) way
to gain experience. It’s not very hard to get grouped as a hitter;
finding people who are willing to tank is more difficult. People new to
tanking are hesitant to try doing it for various reasons, whether it be
fear of leading others or not knowing what areas to lead. This guide is
meant to teach you about all aspects of tanking: the general theory,
group composition, area selection, and actual technique (what you should
be typing).

You may be asking why you should listen to this guide (and you should,
since it is a guide, not law). After the change in group experience
logic, I’ve been leading very consistent runs ranging from anywhere from
9k-12k atheist (depending on group composition), on my alts Mestre and
Iratha. It should be noted that I consider myself a powergamer, and the
guide reflects this. Nevertheless, the information here should be useful
and applicable for every type of person out there.

## Theory

Tanking hero experience involves **maximizing the amount of experience
over time**. Notice that I used the word time, not per run. If you have
to wait a long time between runs, or need to farm an excessive amount of
consumables per run, I consider that less efficient, as that is wasted
time that could be spent running experience.

### Usage of bots to heal

Most areas have at least one uncursed room where you can recall set and
pop back to Sanctum to quickly replenish your hp with bots. Planning
your run around these stops will take some prior experience, but will
allow you to run without a cleric if your AC or hp are low.

## Armor Class

Armor Class is obviously important while tanking. You’ll often see a
bunch of questions on herochat asking if some random amount of unspelled
AC is enough to tank. The answer is if you have an unenchanted set of
b12 hero tank gear, you can tank. Having higher is obviously helpful,
but if you follow the above two concepts, you can easily overcome the
AC/hp barrier. If you absolutely need hard numbers, I will say that
reaching -1250 spelled is probably not too hard and a good starting
goal, and -1300 spelled is plenty (this is applicable for classes with
shields. Bld/monk are diffferent. I would shoot for -1150 AC minimum.
-1200 is a good first goal). I run with -1330ish with full kra spells
(including kra steel/bark) and it’s been enough to carry me ever since I
had 1.1k hp. Note that I like to bring a cleric when I tank with
something with less than 1k hp, as the hit to exp is marginal if at all.

  
  
**NOTE**: I have since intentionally nerfed myself and tanked without
invincibility to have around -1220 AC. The difference IS noticeable, but
it can be mitigated with a healer and more usage of bot healing. It DOES
NOT mean you can’t tank with a lesser amount of AC.

## Group Composition

### Hitters

At hero tier, hitters can largely be tiered like this (In order):

  
  
Tier 1: Arc/Asn spec'd arc, fus/101+ pal (with oath of war), war/bod,
bzk

Tier 2: Everything else except sor and wizard

Tier 3: Sor and Wzd

There are arguments for rogues being better than mages and whatnot, but
I don’t really care about them because in terms of efficiency, none of
them get close to the top six. I put Sor and Wzd below everything else
because they don’t even get third attack/enhanced damage, so you can’t
put on a set of hit gear to try and be useful. Note however, that the
damage you get from tier 2 is not negligible; it can often times carry
you from one rounding 50% of the time to 80-90% of the time.

So what do you pick? Get 3-4 hitters from the tier 1 group and you’ll
probably one round nearly every popular hero area consistently, with the
exception of Alpha Thule. There are differences between a war who is
sub101 vs a war who is 101+, but that is mitigated by lowhero experience
bonus. A sub101 war is still probably better than anything in tier 2 -
however diversity considerations may tip the balance either way.

It is also useful to have a large war/bzk type in group who can rescue
smaller groupmates in case they get aggied. They are colloquially known
as "meatshields".

### Healers

If you’re new, and you’re not sure how your group will do, bring one.
They will provide you peace of mind and ensure that your run goes more
smoothly. With diversity playing a role, adding a healer is now a
significantly smaller reduction in experience that before (it might even
be free, see notes on diversity below). I bring dru/cle/prs in my groups
sometimes for this reason: I lose out on a small amount of experience,
but I help them level. And we do need more priests at lord tier.

### Diversity and Group Size

In my experience, the amount of experience doesn’t get hit hard until
after the group is 7+ big. You can run with a group of 6 without too
harsh of a hit to experience, especially if you have decent diversity.
What this basically means is that if you have you (the tank) and 3
quality hitters, you can afford to take a cleric and mage/rogue if you
felt nice, and not get completely slammed on experience gains. I find
that the fourth hitter (assuming it is at least tier 2) tends to tip the
one-rounding ratio much closer to 100% than just having 3 quality
hitters. If you have a group composed entirely of melee, you’ll actually
notice your experience gains seem to worsen, so you may want to take
something else to increase diversity. Diversity also encourages casters
to tank, since they count as a caster for diversity, and you can add an
extra hitter without taking as large a penalty.

## Area Selection

There are several popular areas to get experience, and the one you pick
will greatly influence the amount you get per hour. The following
contains some quality areas to learn, including detailed area
descriptions. All of these areas have their own pages about adventuring.
**Please note that for all these areas, I assume all your members have
fly/passdoor/water breathing active.** Otherwise, you may at times be
stopped because you lack these spells.

Note that I’ve grouped these areas into relative danger only, ie how
aggie the area tends to be. I run only in the areas in group 2 myself,
and can still regularly do 10k runs.

If you have very squishy hitters, you probably want to avoid groups 3
and 4. Those two groups are very swarmy and aggressive, so unless you
have someone who is willing to brandish your hitters may find themselves
in danger of dying quite often.

### Group 1:

-   [ Igecsoz](:Category:_Igecsoz "wikilink") (pp Ajuu)
-   [Upper Greed’s Gallows](:Category:_Greed's_Gallows "wikilink") (pp
    barrel monkey)
-   [ Hamlet Of Kreigstadt](:Category:_Hamlet_Of_Kreigstadt "wikilink")
    (pp otto)
-   [ Dream Steppes](:Category:_Dream_Steppes "wikilink") (pp displacer
    beast)

#### Igecsoz

k ajuu, s, k hji, 2e, k ekj, n, k hlu, n, k kins, w s d, k hle, u n w, k
brg, 2w n e 2n w, k arm, e n w, k weap, e 2n w 2n u s w, k sig, e s w, k
sil, e s w, kill iov

#### Upper Greed’s

The area is mostly circular. Try and keep track of the directions you’ve
been to and scan/kill. Note that these mobs are good aligned, so you
will want to watch your alignment and leave once it dips below 450ish,
as you are then in danger of having your gear zap off.

#### Hamlet of Kreigstadt

k otto, k wolf, k uda, k sieg, w n n, k kru, s, k kru, 4s 3w k bow, e s,
k cle, s, k sch, 2n e 6s 2e s, k ivan, k sash, k raj, e, kill golem, w
s, kill madam (beware, this mob can cast disint for \~500 hp damage.
Skip if tiny.), 2n 2e s, k wode, n e n, kill hol, s e s, k change, n e,
kill sha (x3)

  
  
Note: This area also connects to Saints of the Blade Temple, which is a
pretty decent place to tack on if you want to. You can access it by
heading 2n e 4s w after the Schulz. Head west and down into the main
part of the area and kill dragoons/pilgrims/priests while avoiding the
slaves. After you head d n d and go 2e, you can open north to find a
large amount of dragoons to kill. **NOTE THAT THE DRAGON LIEUTENANTS
(Show up on scan as flying) CAN STAB. The damage is not THAT high
(dismember or so), but it can still be dangerous with small heroes.**
Heading all east and up, then following the path will take you out of
the area and back to the entrance, where you can head towards
Ivan/Raja/Sasha and finish the rest of the area.

#### Dream Steppes

Like Upper Greed’s, scan/kill. Note that many mobs flee here, and the
masked psionicists (show up on scan as mysterious masked men, and one as
a sailor in agony) can be quite nasty for smaller heroes.

### Group 2:

-   [Lower Greed’s Gallows](:Category:_Greed's_Gallows "wikilink") (pp
    pod manatee)
-   [ Frozen Wastes](:Category:_Frozen_Wastes "wikilink") (pp snowbird)
-   [ Shogun](:Category:_Shogun "wikilink") (pp Pansho)
-   [ Deepways](:Category:_Deepways "wikilink") (pp leper)
-   [ Alpha Thule](:Category:_Alpha_Thule "wikilink") (pp selkie or Big
    Fish)

#### Lower Greed’s

Find the down exit in the southeast. Heading 3d u w n u will take you to
the main area. After the 3d you will have to kill some aggressive snakes
before you can take the up to the Legless Cooper. This area is somewhat
circular, so scan/kill. Some mobs are aggressive, which you’ll learn if
you spend enough time here. **MAKE SURE TO HAVE SOMEONE WHO CAN PORTAL
WHEN YOU GO ON THIS RUN**. This area has no exit and is cursed, and the
quest to get out is hard to do while maintaining good experience, since
you need to wait an agonizingly long time for the mobprog to finish.

#### Frozen Wastes

The PP will take you to the top level of frozen wastes, where everything
except snowbirds aggie. The entrance into the glacier is found in the
north end of the area. I like to head south-ish at first and kill as
many mobs as I can, then head north and find the down exit and clear all
the mobs nearby. After the first down, you can head 3s 3d into the main
glacier.

  
To clear the main glacier: after 3d, k ice, s, k ice, e, k ice, s, k
ice, w, k ice, w, k ice, n, k ice, n d s, k ice, e e, k ice, w s, k ice,
w, k ice, e e, k ice, w 2n, k ice, n, k ice, w, k ice, 2e, k ice, portal
out. Make sure to loot the [milks](Glacial_Milk "wikilink") from the
guardians when you kill them!

#### Shogun

This area is rather large and hard to explain. There are 3 main parts,
which I will loosely call the west, middle, and east. Scan and kill;
everything is free game to be killed, but avoid the sanc’d mobs. **You
may also want to avoid the High Guards and Emperor’s Peacekeepers. These
hit VERY hard (can hit up to massacre on a sanc’d character), and if you
are not one-rounding it can be very taxing on HP.**

  
The west portion is found 1e and then north of Pansho. This area
contains a smathering of guards and the monk temple. Note that you may
wish to avoid the mob “A stern looking monk,” as he can cast
disintegrate. At the very north end is a down which will take you to a
tunnel that contains some ghosts and ninjas. Follow that tunnel south
and east, then go up when you reach what appears to be a dead end.
Heading u 2w 3s from this room will put you in a room with a fountain,
which is the start of Gaishan Road.

<!-- -->

  
The middle section is found 3e from the fountain room. From here you’ll
want to clear the south and north sections. The south section is
composed of 4 rooms (2s, then e and w). AVOID THE SANC’D MOBS NORTH OF
2S E. They will probably kill your group if you are weak, and is
certainly not worth the effort experience-wise. After you clears this
small section, head north and then west to the Mashan headquarters. Here
you can kill the Clerk,and the Trainer directly north of him. You may or
may not want to kill the High Mage west of the Clerk, as he wields and
can cast disintegrate/acid rain. Once these mobs are dead, head east and
south to get back to the Gaishan road.

<!-- -->

  
The east section is found 2e from this intersection. Heading n e n from
here will take you to 3 generals. Target Bensai upon entering the room,
he’s the only aggie. Kill the second general, then leave the sanc’d mob
alone. Head back to where you came from and head further north. Clear
the up branch when you get to it, then clear the west branch. The room
2n of the cook is the last room on your stop in this area, after which
you can portal out.

<!-- -->

  
Note that there you can head 2e after the “east section.” After that
scan will put red eyes north of you. This is the ninja leader, and he
hits pretty hard and casts. I’d avoid him when you’re running the area,
but you can kill anything in the 2e after the “east section.”

#### Deepways

**Note:** This area was changed in July 2012 to be run in groups of size
\<= 3. Anything above that will drastically reduce xp gained.

This area is even larger and also hard to explain. There are 4 main
sections to this area: The northeast section (The Amphitheatre), the
middle section (Fallen Angel Cave), the west section (Hall of the
Mountain King/Steps of Durr), and the tunnel section. You will be using
the scan/kill method, but following a path. I will try to explain the
path I use with as much detail as possible. **Note that the red eyes on
scans are quest mobs, and are not worth killing for experience. Do not
areaspell these to make them visible**. If you ever see a monolith, head
the opposite direction, as you’re leaving the area. If you ever kill a
mob worth zero experience, head the opposite direction, as you’ve
entered a different area.

  
From Leper head 2w to enter the area. From here, head north and east
until you get to a room called “The Amphitheatre.” Head north and clear
the small up section, then return to The Amphitheatre. Head east and
follow the past south until you reach “The Cloisters.” From here, you
can head e u and clear the small section.

<!-- -->

  
After the section is cleared (It’s about 10 rooms big), head down and
back to the Amphitheatre, killing the freshly spawned mobs as you go.
From this room, head s w 2s 2w 3n (killing everything along the way)
until you reach the “Fallen Angel Cave.” This room has the two forks,
east and west, which you can go up and follow the path until everything
dies. Once both forks are cleared, return to the “Fallen Angel Cave.”

<!-- -->

  
From this room, head 2s 2w s u s w (Again, kill everything along the
way) to reach “The Hall of the Mountain King.” Kill everything on scan,
then go s w n 2w n w to reach “The Steps of Durr.” Head up and clear the
small section (it’s got 6 rooms), then head n 2w u. This is the last
room of the western section. After you clear this, retrace your steps to
The Hall of the Mountain King. From the up (Room Desc: A steep chasm),
the directions are: d 2e s e s 2e s e.

  
**NOTE**: There will be a sanc’d myconoid s w n 2w from “The Hall of the
Mountain King.” In this room, you can linkrefresh group without any lag!
It’s a good idea to do as you enter and exit the western section since
it takes almost no time at all and can save you a decent amount of hp.

<!-- -->

  
Once you’re in The Hall of the Mountain King again, head down. Follow
the path south and east until you reach a fork. You will want to take
the north exit and follow the path. Once you head north and find a room
with exists \[north east south\], you will be at the room 2w of Leper.
You can then repeat the loop, or leave to another area.

#### Alpha Thule

From the selkie portal point, you’ll want to head north, trying to find
the room “Northern Shoreline.” Chances are you’ll be too far east/west,
which will show up as Northeastern/Northwestern Shoreline, respectively.
Head the opposite direction and continue working your way in a northward
direction until you find the right shoreline. One north from this room
will take you into Alpha Thule. The area is split into 4 main areas, the
entrance circle, the shafts, the bottom area, and the top area.

  
The entrance circle is made up of golem-type mobs (all have a keyword of
ancient, so k anc will hit them all). They are somewhat painful and have
armorancient, so you will hit a little less hard. You’ll want to choose
a direction after the initial sentinel and follow that path until you
can take a south. Taking this south will put you into the shafts.

<!-- -->

  
The shafts contain souls which do not have armorancient and as such are
much easier to kill. There are a total of 5 of these shafts; three will
lead down into the bottom area, and two will lead you to the top area.
Clear the 3 shafts in the middle of the area first, heading in a
down-up-down path before taking the final down into the bottom of Alpha
Thule.

<!-- -->

  
The bottom of this area has Energized Clays. These also have
armorancient, but are lower level than the mobs found in the entrance
circle and thus hit less hard. The area is a 3x5 rectangle with the
entrance/exit in the dead center. Clear out all the clays, then take the
shafts to the top level, killing the souls in the shafts as you go.

<!-- -->

  
The top level is interesting. After passing an ancient sentinel, you’ll
be able to head up one more time into an area with sanc’d, non-aggie
mobs named “The Ancient.” These mobs are very high level (90 iirc),
sanc’d and have armorancient, and will thus take many rounds to kill.
There are six of these Ancients. If you head up one more time, you’ll be
able to find the Celestial, the biggest mob in the area. He sells
bullets and carries the Celestial’s Arbalest, the best gun-type weapon
for hero tier.

<!-- -->

  
It’s arguable whether the sanc’d Ancients are worth running. They take
many rounds, but are worth \~150 exp per group member. My personal
feelings on this are as follows: If you want to stay in Alpha Thule the
entire run, you should come to the Ancients last to try and get the area
to repop. If you are not interested, you should leave to a new area as
soon as you clear out the souls and the energized clays.

<!-- -->

  
If you’re interested in staying in the area and the souls have not
repopped once all the Ancients are dead, make your way back to the
entrance circle and start clearing the second half. Chances are by the
time you get back to the entrance of the area, the rest of it will have
repopped. If it hasn’t, you can head south onto the Lake of Tears to
kill some mobs there while waiting, or just switch to a new area
entirely.

### Group 3:

-   [ Great Divide](:Category:_Great_Divide "wikilink") (pp Wartha)
-   [ Morte Vallta](:Category:_Morte_Vallta "wikilink") (pp giant
    vulture)

#### The Great Divide

From Wartha, head 4w 2n 2e 2n w n to enter the main area. From here it’s
scan and kill. There are two main “temples” to the west and east which
you have a bunch of mobs to clear. I would put more notes, but I can’t
really think of any. Beware, the insatiable one eats corpses.

Most mobs here are aggie and in many rooms there are several of them.
Also many wander so there will be walk-ins. Therefore it's common for
groupies to get aggied and then rescued, which sometimes takes a few
rounds, so it's advisable to have a healer and/or groupies that have
enough hp to withstand a couple rounds of hits fairly regularly; the
damage adds up over the course of a run. If you're a smaller groupie
it's worth bringing a few quaffs along, in case there's no healer.

#### Morte Vallta

From giant vulture, head down. Scan and kill. Watch out for Colossus (A
towering stone golem) and Azric (A blindingly bright light). The first
hits really really hard, the second takes forever to kill and casts
annoying spells.

### Group 4:

-   [ Graves Of Reveria](:Category:_Graves_Of_Reveria "wikilink") (pp
    mourning drow)
-   [ Necropolis](:Category:_Necropolis "wikilink") (pp mourning drow)
-   [ Transfigured Forest](:Category:_Transfigured_Forest "wikilink")
    (pp stone trickster)

These are big and very swarmy areas. More info can be found on their
individual pages.

### Elite Hero Areas (EHA)

A well run EHA with a good group can provide some of the best XP in the
game upwards of 20 to 25k XP. A typical run averages in the 15K XP
range. However, with such rewards comes dangers such as difficult CRs,
corpse eaters and animators. Angels are not allowed to assist with CRs
here. For hero level 500+, this is somewhat mitigated with the spell
[Eulogy](Eulogy "wikilink"). You may also consider bringing [Sulfurous
Ashes](Sulfurous_Ashes "wikilink") for Wasps or [Consecrated
Ashes](Consecrated_Ashes "wikilink") for Sems.

The two most run EHA areas are:

-   [Sem Vida](Sem_Vida "wikilink") ("sems") which works best for group
    sizes of 8 to 10 but can go as low as 6 if you know what you're
    doing and as high as 12.
-   [Aculeata Jatha-La](Aculeata_Jatha-La "wikilink") ("wasps") which
    works best group sizes of 12+.

Mobs move very quickly in these areas and its very easy to get "swarmed"
by 4-6+ mobs at once. It is recommended to have at least 2000+ hp before
participating. A party is going to want to have a combination of big
tanks, hitters and at least one healer (preferably a Vizier or a rescue
Paladin however brands can work if enough groupies have them).

## Leading Technique

First of all, make sure that your kill command has an emote in front of
it, ie alias k emote is killing %1:kill %1. This will allow your hitters
to hit before the first round of combat begins.

So, what are you typing? There’s exactly one order of commands you
should be typing, and it goes as follows:

k mob, sca, stack commands to kill next mob, repeat

Here’s how the actions should (ideally) play out:

1.  You type ‘k mob’, then ‘sca’
2.  All your hitters trigger off your emote
3.  Scan goes off, you find a mob to kill
4.  Type the direction and kill command in your prompt (eg, in Zmud, e;k
    tr)
5.  Mob dies in the first round of combat
6.  Hit enter
7.  Repeat

This is, as far as I’m aware, the most efficient set of commands. You
should be typing scan right after you hit kill, as the time between the
attack triggers from your hitters firing and the time the actual first
round of combat begins is usually enough to find your next mob.

That’s it. Easy, huh? It just takes practice before you start running
through mobs at breakneck speed.

### Aliases

A few aliases can help reduce the typing effort.

-   alias k emote is killing %1:kill %1:scan
-   alias n north:scan (and similarly for other directions)
-   alias nk north:emote is killing %1:kill %1:scan (and so on for other
    directions)
-   alias heal tell bot1 div:tell bot2 div:tell bot3 div
-   alias rs recall set
-   alias lig linkrefresh group

## End Notes

If you’re completely new to tanking, you’re not going to become amazing
on your first run. Your experience gains over time will increase as the
layout of areas becomes burned into your memory and as you get more
comfortable with keeping up the string of commands listed above.
Remember that most classes can only solo about 5k/spellup at most. If
your run brings in more experience that this and has similar downtimes,
you’re benefiting everyone by tanking.

Get tanking! With new experience logic and diversity, consistent 10k
runs are in everyone’s reach.

\- Atris/Mestre/Iratha et alts

## Nuances

This section of the guide has random nuances that may help your runs in
specific scenarios. More may be added as I think of them.

\- If you are a monk/shf with counterpush or a bld with inspiring dance,
it may be beneficial to NOT linkrefresh. Having the mob go first will
then cause it to be pushed in the first case, or cause your casters
monitoring you to have a shot at regaining some mana in the second. Note
that this is more draining on your hp, so test and see!

\- Asking your warriors to have bash in their trigger is only beneficial
if you are constantly two rounding monsters, and the bash will reduce
this to one round. This is the case because when you fail bash, you have
a round of lag to stand up, whereas if you succeed bash, this lag is
maybe half a round. The scenario goes as follows:

  
No bash: Mob dies in 2 rounds.

Fail bash: You kill the mob in the second round, then stand up, then
your attack trigger fires on the next mob

Succeed bash: You kill the mob in the first round, then your attack
trigger fires on the next mob.

If you one round without bash, you risk missing the attack gained by
attack triggers, and this should thus be avoided.

[Category: Gameplay](Category:_Gameplay "wikilink") [Category:
Hero](Category:_Hero "wikilink")
