*Black and white slime-covered scales cover the entire 15 foot length of
Tssasskkas. A whale-like tail fans the water, while a tooth-filled maw
fills the entire portion of what would be the head on a normal creature.
No eyes are evident, but four whiplike tentacles provide ample sensory
input. An aura of wisdom surrounds Tssasskkas, as does the subtle
crackling of powerful magic.*

**Keywords:** tssasskkas, creature  
**[Level](Level.md "wikilink"):** 90  
**[Alignment](Alignment.md "wikilink"):** demonic.  
**[Flags](:Category:_Mob_Types.md "wikilink"):**
[steadfast](Sentinel_Mobs.md "wikilink") (probably also a corpse
animator, but not sure what else)  
**Affects:** [sanctuary](Sanctuary.md "wikilink") (not sure what else)  

## Gear

`Tssasskkas is using:`  
<worn on head>`     (Glowing) `[`crown`` ``of`` ``the`` ``Ages`](Crown_Of_The_Ages.md "wikilink")  
<worn about body>`     (Glowing) (Humming) `[`twinkling`` ``stars`](Twinkling_Stars.md "wikilink")

`Tssasskkas is carrying:`  
`     `[`tssasskkas`` ``scales`](Tssasskkas_Scales.md "wikilink")

## Comments

"(Black Aura) An immense, slime-covered creature opens its mouth and
attacks."

As you might expect, Tssasskkas is aggie and sees through sneak/move.

## Directions

**[Area](:Category:_Areas.md "wikilink"):** [ Tssasskkas's
Lair](:Category:_Tssasskkas's_Lair.md "wikilink")
([Map](Tssasskkas's_Lair_Map.md "wikilink")).  
**[Room(s)](:Category:_Rooms.md "wikilink"):** Tssasskkas's Lair  
<font color="red">WARNING</font>

Trying to get to/kill this mob can result in a very messy CR. You need
someone in the group with [rogue lore](Rogue_Lore.md "wikilink") for the
first quest door and and either a
[psi](:Category:Psionicists.md "wikilink") or a
[mnd](:Category:Mindbenders.md "wikilink") for the second quest door. A
[BCI](:Category:Black_Circle_Initiates.md "wikilink") will be able to
open both doors on the way to Tssasskkas. Some of the [Greater Water
Elementals](Greater_Water_Elementals "wikilink") and the
[Jumaras](Jumara "wikilink") have throwing weapons that hit everyone in
the group and return to their hand (sometimes killing themselves,
stealing the kill XP from you). Kill these mobs quickly, and make sure
your healer is prepared to heal the weaker members in the group.
[Deception](Deception.md "wikilink"), [disarm](Disarm.md "wikilink") and
[detonate](Detonate.md "wikilink") can help. Don't get excited
[fusiliers](:Category:Fusiliers.md "wikilink"), these nasty throwing
weapons have [inventory flags](Inventory_Flag.md "wikilink") and thus
cannot be looted.

Here's how you get to Tssasskkas:

Portal to the Lich Tzzan's spirit (*pp spirit tz*) to get into the
middle of the area, and you will arrive at a full-safe room. Go 2d and n
to exit the submerged tower and enter the moat. Floating here are
corpses of many lord players, most of which are nasty but non-aggie,
although animated corpse of Pico and of Juliet will stab hard. Move e,
2s, u and you will be in front of a **blind** disorienting room. Move
east to enter it and then **west** to proceed further (going east again
will return you to the room before it). Be prepared for many aggressive
mobs in this part of the area, all hard and some using the nasty ranged
group-hitting weaponry.

The exact directions are following (from the "The Tunnels" room):

e, n, w, 2n, 3e, pull/push stone (need to have [Detect
Magic](Detect_Magic "wikilink") to see it), e.

If the door closes while your groups is half-through, push it again.
Beware that you cannot operate levers while in combat, and you may be
aggied on the other side. Once regrouped, proceed:

2e, pull/push stone (need to be rogue-type to see it), s.

Check if all your groupies are present and then move:

e, pull/push wall (need to be PSI-type or BCI to see it), e.

Again, recheck your group and move forward, either go:

s, 2e, n, u, or move n, 2e, s, u, and you will arrive to [Eyeless
Terrors](Eyeless_Terror "wikilink"), very dangerous scramblers and heavy
hitters that will almost certainly aggie you. Watch out for
[Jumaras](Jumara "wikilink") along this path, they use ranged weaponry
too, and are dangerous.

Defeat the [Eyeless Terrors](Eyeless_Terror "wikilink") which have a
[carburized plate](Carburized_Steel_Plate_Armor.md "wikilink")
[equivalent piece](Jumara_Scale_Armor.md "wikilink"), and occupy the
room directly before Tssasskkas. Once dead, move up to reach Tssasskkas
itself.

For more information consult the [Tssasskkas's
Lair](:Category:Tssasskkas's_Lair.md "wikilink") general page as well as
[Tssasskkas's Lair Map](Tssasskkas's_Lair_Map "wikilink").

[Category: Mobs In Tssasskkas's
Lair](Category:_Mobs_In_Tssasskkas's_Lair "wikilink")
